arb	Ardent Plea
arb	Aven Mimeomancer
arb	Ethercaste Knight
arb	Ethersworn Shieldmage
arb	Fieldmist Borderpost
arb	Filigree Angel
arb	Glassdust Hulk
arb	Meddling Mage
arb	Offering to Asha
arb	Sanctum Plowbeast
arb	Shield of the Righteous
arb	Sovereigns of Lost Alara
arb	Stormcaller's Boon
arb	Talon Trooper
arb	Unbender Tine
arb	Wall of Denial
arb	Architects of Will
arb	Brainbite
arb	Deny Reality
arb	Etherium Abomination
arb	Illusory Demon
arb	Jhessian Zombies
arb	Kathari Remnant
arb	Lich Lord of Unx
arb	Mask of Riddles
arb	Mind Funeral
arb	Mistvein Borderpost
arb	Nemesis of Reason
arb	Soul Manipulation
arb	Soulquake
arb	Time Sieve
arb	Vedalken Ghoul
arb	Anathemancer
arb	Bituminous Blast
arb	Breath of Malfegor
arb	Deathbringer Thoctar
arb	Defiler of Souls
arb	Demonic Dread
arb	Demonspine Whip
arb	Igneous Pouncer
arb	Kathari Bomber
arb	Lightning Reaver
arb	Monstrous Carabid
arb	Sanity Gnawers
arb	Singe-Mind Ogre
arb	Terminate
arb	Thought Hemorrhage
arb	Veinfire Borderpost
arb	Blitz Hellion
arb	Bloodbraid Elf
arb	Colossal Might
arb	Deadshot Minotaur
arb	Dragon Broodmother
arb	Firewild Borderpost
arb	Godtracker of Jund
arb	Gorger Wurm
arb	Mage Slayer
arb	Predatory Advantage
arb	Rhox Brute
arb	Spellbreaker Behemoth
arb	Valley Rannet
arb	Vengeful Rebirth
arb	Violent Outburst
arb	Vithian Renegades
arb	Behemoth Sledge
arb	Captured Sunlight
arb	Dauntless Escort
arb	Enlisted Wurm
arb	Grizzled Leotau
arb	Knight of New Alara
arb	Knotvine Paladin
arb	Leonin Armorguard
arb	Mycoid Shepherd
arb	Pale Recluse
arb	Qasali Pridemage
arb	Reborn Hope
arb	Sigil Captain
arb	Sigil of the Nayan Gods
arb	Sigiled Behemoth
arb	Wildfield Borderpost
arb	Identity Crisis
arb	Necromancer's Covenant
arb	Tainted Sigil
arb	Vectis Dominator
arb	Zealous Persecution
arb	Cloven Casting
arb	Double Negative
arb	Magefire Wings
arb	Skyclaw Thrash
arb	Spellbound Dragon
arb	Lord of Extinction
arb	Maelstrom Pulse
arb	Marrow Chomper
arb	Morbid Bloom
arb	Putrid Leech
arb	Cerodon Yearling
arb	Fight to the Death
arb	Glory of Warfare
arb	Intimidation Bolt
arb	Stun Sniper
arb	Lorescale Coatl
arb	Nulltread Gargantuan
arb	Sages of the Anima
arb	Vedalken Heretic
arb	Winged Coatl
arb	Enigma Sphinx
arb	Esper Sojourners
arb	Etherwrought Page
arb	Sen Triplets
arb	Sphinx of the Steel Wind
arb	Drastic Revelation
arb	Grixis Sojourners
arb	Thraximundar
arb	Unscythe, Killer of Kings
arb	Dragon Appeasement
arb	Jund Sojourners
arb	Karrthus, Tyrant of Jund
arb	Lavalanche
arb	Madrush Cyclops
arb	Gloryscale Viashino
arb	Mayael's Aria
arb	Naya Sojourners
arb	Retaliator Griffin
arb	Uril, the Miststalker
arb	Bant Sojourners
arb	Finest Hour
arb	Flurry of Wings
arb	Jenara, Asura of War
arb	Wargate
arb	Maelstrom Nexus
arb	Arsenal Thresher
arb	Esper Stormblade
arb	Thopter Foundry
arb	Grixis Grimblade
arb	Sewn-Eye Drake
arb	Slave of Bolas
arb	Giant Ambush Beetle
arb	Jund Hackblade
arb	Sangrite Backlash
arb	Marisi's Twinclaws
arb	Naya Hushblade
arb	Trace of Abundance
arb	Bant Sureblade
arb	Crystallization
arb	Messenger Falcons
all	Balduvian Dead
all	Fevered Strength
all	Burnout
all	Chaos Harlequin
all	Death Spark
all	Enslaved Scout
all	Gorilla Shaman
all	Gorilla War Cry
all	Guerrilla Tactics
all	Omen of Fire
all	Pillage
all	Primitive Justice
all	Pyrokinesis
all	Rogue Skycaptain
all	Soldier of Fortune
all	Storm Shaman
all	Insidious Bookworms
all	Varchild's Crusader
all	Varchild's War-Riders
all	Veteran's Voice
all	Carrier Pigeons
all	Errand of Duty
all	Exile
all	Inheritance
all	Ivory Gargoyle
all	Juniper Order Advocate
all	Kjeldoran Escort
all	Kjeldoran Home Guard
all	Kjeldoran Pride
all	Martyrdom
all	Keeper of Tresserhorn
all	Noble Steeds
all	Reinforcements
all	Reprisal
all	Royal Decree
all	Royal Herbalist
all	Scars of the Veteran
all	Krovikan Horror
all	Seasoned Tactician
all	Sustaining Spirit
all	Sworn Defender
all	Unlikely Alliance
all	Wild Aesthir
all	Aesthir Glider
all	Ashnod's Cylix
all	Astrolabe
all	Krovikan Plague
all	Floodwater Dam
all	Gustha's Scepter
all	Foresight
all	Helm of Obedience
all	Lodestone Bauble
all	Mishra's Groundbreaker
all	Mystic Compass
all	Phyrexian Devourer
all	Phyrexian Portal
all	Phyrexian War Beast
all	Lim-Dûl's High Guard
all	Scarab of the Unseen
all	Shield Sphere
all	Sol Grail
all	Soldevi Digger
all	Soldevi Sentry
all	Soldevi Steam Beast
all	Storm Cauldron
all	Urza's Engine
all	Whirling Catapult
all	Balduvian Trading Post
all	Heart of Yavimaya
all	Kjeldoran Outpost
all	Lake of the Dead
all	School of the Unseen
all	Sheltered Valley
all	Soldevi Excavations
all	Thawing Glaciers
all	Misinformation
all	Energy Arc
all	Lim-Dûl's Paladin
all	Lim-Dûl's Vault
all	Lord of Tresserhorn
all	Nature's Blessing
all	Phelddagrif
all	Surge of Strength
all	Wandering Mage
all	Winter's Night
all	Casting of Bones
all	Phantasmal Fiend
all	Phyrexian Boon
all	Ritual of the Machine
all	Soldevi Adnate
all	Stench of Decay
all	Stromgald Spy
all	Swamp Mosquito
all	Arcane Denial
all	Awesome Presence
all	Benthic Explorers
all	Browse
all	Diminishing Returns
all	Contagion
all	False Demise
all	Force of Will
all	Lat-Nam's Legacy
all	Library of Lat-Nam
all	Phantasmal Sphere
all	Soldevi Heretic
all	Diseased Vermin
all	Soldevi Sage
all	Spiny Starfish
all	Storm Crow
all	Storm Elemental
all	Misfortune
all	Suffocation
all	Thought Lash
all	Tidal Control
all	Dystopia
all	Viscerid Armor
all	Viscerid Drone
all	Bounty of the Hunt
all	Deadly Insect
all	Elvish Bard
all	Elvish Ranger
all	Elvish Spirit Guide
all	Fatal Lore
all	Fyndhorn Druid
all	Gargantuan Gorilla
all	Gift of the Woods
all	Gorilla Berserkers
all	Gorilla Chieftain
all	Hail Storm
all	Feast or Famine
all	Kaysa
all	Nature's Chosen
all	Nature's Wrath
all	Splintering Wind
all	Taste of Paradise
all	Tornado
all	Undergrowth
all	Whip Vine
all	Yavimaya Ancients
all	Yavimaya Ants
all	Agent of Stromgald
all	Balduvian Horde
all	Balduvian War-Makers
all	Bestial Fury
atq	Amulet of Kroog
atq	Clockwork Avian
atq	Reverse Polarity
atq	Colossus of Sardia
atq	Coral Helm
atq	Cursed Rack
atq	Dragon Engine
atq	Feldon's Cane
atq	Golgothian Sylex
atq	Grapeshot Catapult
atq	Ivory Tower
atq	Jalum Tome
atq	Armageddon Clock
atq	Mightstone
atq	Millstone
atq	Mishra's War Machine
atq	Obelisk of Undoing
atq	Onulet
atq	Ornithopter
atq	Primal Clay
atq	Rakalite
atq	Rocket Launcher
atq	Shapeshifter
atq	Ashnod's Altar
atq	Staff of Zegon
atq	Su-Chi
atq	Tablet of Epityr
atq	Tawnos's Coffin
atq	Tawnos's Wand
atq	Tawnos's Weaponry
atq	Tetravus
atq	The Rack
atq	Triskelion
atq	Urza's Avenger
atq	Ashnod's Battle Gear
atq	Urza's Chalice
atq	Urza's Miter
atq	Wall of Spears
atq	Weakstone
atq	Yotian Soldier
atq	Artifact Possession
atq	Gate to Phyrexia
atq	Haunting Wind
atq	Phyrexian Gremlins
atq	Priest of Yawgmoth
atq	Ashnod's Transmogrant
atq	Xenic Poltergeist
atq	Yawgmoth Demon
atq	Drafna's Restoration
atq	Energy Flux
atq	Hurkyl's Recall
atq	Power Artifact
atq	Reconstruction
atq	Sage of Lat-Nam
atq	Transmute Artifact
atq	Argothian Pixies
atq	Battering Ram
atq	Argothian Treefolk
atq	Citanul Druid
atq	Crumble
atq	Gaea's Avenger
atq	Powerleech
atq	Titania's Song
atq	Mishra's Factory
atq	Bronze Tablet
atq	Mishra's Workshop
atq	Strip Mine
atq	Urza's Mine
atq	Urza's Power Plant
atq	Candelabra of Tawnos
atq	Urza's Tower
atq	Artifact Blast
atq	Atog
atq	Detonate
atq	Clay Statue
atq	Dwarven Weaponsmith
atq	Goblin Artisans
atq	Orcish Mechanics
atq	Shatterstorm
atq	Argivian Archaeologist
atq	Argivian Blacksmith
atq	Artifact Ward
atq	Circle of Protection: Artifacts
atq	Damping Field
atq	Martyrs of Korlis
apc	Angelfire Crusader
apc	False Dawn
apc	Fungal Shambler
apc	Gaea's Skyfolk
apc	Gerrard's Verdict
apc	Goblin Legionnaire
apc	Goblin Trenches
apc	Guided Passage
apc	Jungle Barrier
apc	Last Stand
apc	Lightning Angel
apc	Llanowar Dead
apc	Gerrard Capashen
apc	Martyrs' Tomb
apc	Minotaur Illusionist
apc	Mystic Snake
apc	Overgrown Estate
apc	Pernicious Deed
apc	Powerstone Minefield
apc	Prophetic Bolt
apc	Putrid Warrior
apc	Quicksilver Dagger
apc	Razorfin Hunter
apc	Haunted Angel
apc	Soul Link
apc	Spiritmonger
apc	Squee's Embrace
apc	Squee's Revenge
apc	Suffocating Blast
apc	Temporal Spring
apc	Vindicate
apc	Yavimaya's Embrace
apc	Fire
apc	Ice
apc	Fire
apc	Ice
apc	Illusion
apc	Reality
apc	Illusion
apc	Reality
apc	Helionaut
apc	Life
apc	Death
apc	Life
apc	Death
apc	Night
apc	Day
apc	Night
apc	Day
apc	Order
apc	Chaos
apc	Order
apc	Chaos
apc	Brass Herald
apc	Dodecapod
apc	Dragon Arch
apc	Emblazoned Golem
apc	Legacy Weapon
apc	Mask of Intolerance
apc	Battlefield Forge
apc	Manacles of Decay
apc	Caves of Koilos
apc	Llanowar Wastes
apc	Shivan Reef
apc	Yavimaya Coast
apc	Orim's Thunder
apc	Shield of Duty and Reason
apc	Spectral Lynx
apc	Standard Bearer
apc	Ceta Disciple
apc	Coalition Flag
apc	Ceta Sanctuary
apc	Cetavolver
apc	Coastal Drake
apc	Evasive Action
apc	Ice Cave
apc	Index
apc	Jaded Response
apc	Jilt
apc	Living Airship
apc	Reef Shaman
apc	Coalition Honor Guard
apc	Shimmering Mirage
apc	Tidal Courier
apc	Unnatural Selection
apc	Vodalian Mystic
apc	Whirlpool Drake
apc	Whirlpool Rider
apc	Whirlpool Warrior
apc	Dead Ringers
apc	Desolation Angel
apc	Foul Presence
apc	Dega Disciple
apc	Grave Defiler
apc	Last Caress
apc	Mind Extraction
apc	Mournful Zombie
apc	Necra Disciple
apc	Necra Sanctuary
apc	Necravolver
apc	Phyrexian Arena
apc	Phyrexian Gargantua
apc	Phyrexian Rager
apc	Dega Sanctuary
apc	Planar Despair
apc	Quagmire Druid
apc	Suppress
apc	Urborg Uprising
apc	Zombie Boa
apc	Bloodfire Colossus
apc	Bloodfire Dwarf
apc	Bloodfire Infusion
apc	Bloodfire Kavu
apc	Desolation Giant
apc	Degavolver
apc	Dwarven Landslide
apc	Dwarven Patrol
apc	Goblin Ringleader
apc	Illuminate
apc	Kavu Glider
apc	Minotaur Tactician
apc	Raka Disciple
apc	Raka Sanctuary
apc	Rakavolver
apc	Smash
apc	Diversionary Tactics
apc	Tahngarth's Glare
apc	Tundra Kavu
apc	Wild Research
apc	Ana Disciple
apc	Ana Sanctuary
apc	Anavolver
apc	Bog Gnarr
apc	Gaea's Balance
apc	Glade Gnarr
apc	Kavu Howler
apc	Divine Light
apc	Kavu Mauler
apc	Lay of the Land
apc	Penumbra Bobcat
apc	Penumbra Kavu
apc	Penumbra Wurm
apc	Savage Gorilla
apc	Strength of Night
apc	Sylvan Messenger
apc	Symbiotic Deployment
apc	Tranquil Path
apc	Enlistment Officer
apc	Urborg Elf
apc	Aether Mutation
apc	Captain's Maneuver
apc	Consume Strength
apc	Cromat
apc	Death Grasp
apc	Death Mutation
apc	Ebony Treefolk
apc	Fervent Charge
apc	Flowstone Charger
arn	Cuombajj Witches
arn	Khabál Ghoul
arn	Oubliette
arn	Sorceress Queen
arn	Stone-Throwing Devils
arn	Dandân
arn	Fishliver Oil
arn	Flying Men
arn	El-Hajjâj
arn	Giant Tortoise
arn	Island Fish Jasconius
arn	Merchant Ship
arn	Old Man of the Sea
arn	Serendib Djinn
arn	Serendib Efreet
arn	Sindbad
arn	Unstable Mutation
arn	Cyclone
arn	Erg Raiders
arn	Desert Twister
arn	Drop of Honey
arn	Erhnam Djinn
arn	Ghazbán Ogre
arn	Ifh-Bíff Efreet
arn	Metamorphosis
arn	Nafs Asp
arn	Sandstorm
arn	Singing Tree
arn	Wyluli Wolf
arn	Aladdin
arn	Ali Baba
arn	Ali from Cairo
arn	Bird Maiden
arn	Desert Nomads
arn	Hurr Jackal
arn	Kird Ape
arn	Guardian Beast
arn	Magnetic Mountain
arn	Mijae Djinn
arn	Rukh Egg
arn	Ydwen Efreet
arn	Abu Ja'far
arn	Army of Allah
arn	Camel
arn	Eye for an Eye
arn	Hasran Ogress
arn	Jihad
arn	King Suleiman
arn	Moorish Cavalry
arn	Piety
arn	Repentant Blacksmith
arn	Shahrazad
arn	War Elephant
arn	Aladdin's Lamp
arn	Aladdin's Ring
arn	Bottle of Suleiman
arn	Brass Man
arn	City in a Bottle
arn	Dancing Scimitar
arn	Ebony Horse
arn	Flying Carpet
arn	Jandor's Ring
arn	Jandor's Saddlebags
arn	Junún Efreet
arn	Jeweled Bird
arn	Pyramids
arn	Ring of Ma'rûf
arn	Sandals of Abdallah
arn	Bazaar of Baghdad
arn	City of Brass
arn	Desert
arn	Diamond Valley
arn	Elephant Graveyard
arn	Island of Wak-Wak
arn	Juzám Djinn
arn	Library of Alexandria
arn	Mountain
arn	Oasis
arc	Leonin Abunas
arc	Beacon of Unrest
arc	Watchwolf
arc	Wax
arc	Wane
arc	Aether Spellbomb
arc	Azorius Signet
arc	Dimir Signet
arc	Dreamstone Hedron
arc	Duplicant
arc	Everflowing Chalice
arc	Gruul Signet
arc	Juggernaut
arc	Bog Witch
arc	Lightning Greaves
arc	Lodestone Golem
arc	Memnarch
arc	Obelisk of Esper
arc	Rakdos Signet
arc	Skullcage
arc	Sorcerer's Strongbox
arc	Sun Droplet
arc	Sundering Titan
arc	Synod Centurion
arc	Cemetery Reaper
arc	Synod Sanctum
arc	Thran Dynamo
arc	Thunderstaff
arc	Artisan of Kozilek
arc	Barren Moor
arc	Graypelt Refuge
arc	Kazandu Refuge
arc	Khalni Garden
arc	Krosan Verge
arc	Llanowar Reborn
arc	Corpse Connoisseur
arc	Mosswort Bridge
arc	Nantuko Monastery
arc	Rakdos Carnarium
arc	Secluded Steppe
arc	Terramorphic Expanse
arc	Tranquil Thicket
arc	Vitu-Ghazi, the City-Tree
arc	Plains
arc	Plains
arc	Island
arc	Dregscape Zombie
arc	Island
arc	Island
arc	Swamp
arc	Swamp
arc	Swamp
arc	Mountain
arc	Mountain
arc	Mountain
arc	Forest
arc	Forest
arc	Extractor Demon
arc	Forest
arc	Festering Goblin
arc	Incremental Blight
arc	Infectious Horror
arc	Infest
arc	Metallurgeon
arc	Makeshift Mannequin
arc	Reanimate
arc	Reassembling Skeleton
arc	Scion of Darkness
arc	Shriekmaw
arc	Sign in Blood
arc	Twisted Abomination
arc	Urborg Syphon-Mage
arc	Zombie Infestation
arc	Zombify
arc	Oblivion Ring
arc	Battering Craghorn
arc	Breath of Darigaaz
arc	Chandra's Outrage
arc	Dragon Breath
arc	Dragon Fodder
arc	Dragon Whelp
arc	Dragonspeaker Shaman
arc	Fireball
arc	Flameblast Dragon
arc	Furnace Whelp
arc	Path to Exile
arc	Gathan Raiders
arc	Hellkite Charger
arc	Imperial Hellkite
arc	Inferno Trap
arc	Kilnmouth Dragon
arc	Ryusei, the Falling Star
arc	Seething Song
arc	Skirk Commando
arc	Skirk Marauder
arc	Taurean Mauler
arc	Sanctum Gargoyle
arc	Two-Headed Dragon
arc	Volcanic Fallout
arc	Chameleon Colossus
arc	Feral Hydra
arc	Fertilid
arc	Fierce Empath
arc	Fog
arc	Forgotten Ancient
arc	Gleeful Sabotage
arc	Harmonize
arc	March of the Machines
arc	Hunting Moa
arc	Kamahl, Fist of Krosa
arc	Krosan Tusker
arc	Leaf Gilder
arc	Molimo, Maro-Sorcerer
arc	Plummet
arc	Primal Command
arc	Rancor
arc	Sakura-Tribe Elder
arc	Shinen of Life's Roar
arc	Master Transmuter
arc	Spider Umbra
arc	Thelonite Hermit
arc	Verdeloth the Ancient
arc	Wall of Roots
arc	Wickerbough Elder
arc	Yavimaya Dryad
arc	Agony Warp
arc	Architects of Will
arc	Armadillo Cloak
arc	Avatar of Discord
arc	Spin into Myth
arc	Batwing Brume
arc	Bituminous Blast
arc	Branching Bolt
arc	Colossal Might
arc	Ethersworn Shieldmage
arc	Fieldmist Borderpost
arc	Fires of Yavimaya
arc	Heroes' Reunion
arc	Kaervek the Merciless
arc	Magister Sphinx
arc	Avatar of Woe
arc	Mistvein Borderpost
arc	Pale Recluse
arc	Rakdos Guildmage
arc	Savage Twister
arc	Selesnya Guildmage
arc	Terminate
arc	Torrent of Souls
arc	Unbender Tine
arc	Unmake
arc	Vampiric Dragon
avr	Angel of Glory's Rise
avr	Cathars' Crusade
avr	Essence Harvest
avr	Evernight Shade
avr	Exquisite Blood
avr	Ghoulflesh
avr	Gloom Surgeon
avr	Grave Exchange
avr	Griselbrand
avr	Harvester of Souls
avr	Homicidal Seclusion
avr	Human Frailty
avr	Cathedral Sanctifier
avr	Hunted Ghoul
avr	Killing Wave
avr	Maalfeld Twins
avr	Marrow Bats
avr	Mental Agony
avr	Necrobite
avr	Polluted Dead
avr	Predator's Gambit
avr	Renegade Demon
avr	Searchlight Geist
avr	Cloudshift
avr	Soulcage Fiend
avr	Treacherous Pit-Dweller
avr	Triumph of Cruelty
avr	Undead Executioner
avr	Unhallowed Pact
avr	Aggravate
avr	Archwing Dragon
avr	Banners Raised
avr	Battle Hymn
avr	Bonfire of the Damned
avr	Commander's Authority
avr	Burn at the Stake
avr	Dangerous Wager
avr	Demolish
avr	Dual Casting
avr	Falkenrath Exterminator
avr	Fervent Cathar
avr	Gang of Devils
avr	Guise of Fire
avr	Hanweir Lancer
avr	Havengul Vampire
avr	Cursebreak
avr	Heirs of Stromkirk
avr	Hound of Griselbrand
avr	Kessig Malcontents
avr	Kruin Striker
avr	Lightning Mauler
avr	Lightning Prowess
avr	Mad Prophet
avr	Malicious Intent
avr	Malignus
avr	Pillar of Flame
avr	Defang
avr	Raging Poltergeist
avr	Reforge the Soul
avr	Riot Ringleader
avr	Rite of Ruin
avr	Rush of Blood
avr	Scalding Devil
avr	Somberwald Vigilante
avr	Stonewright
avr	Thatcher Revolt
avr	Thunderbolt
avr	Defy Death
avr	Thunderous Wrath
avr	Tibalt, the Fiend-Blooded
avr	Tyrant of Discord
avr	Uncanny Speed
avr	Vexing Devil
avr	Vigilante Justice
avr	Zealous Conscripts
avr	Abundant Growth
avr	Blessings of Nature
avr	Borderland Ranger
avr	Devout Chaplain
avr	Bower Passage
avr	Champion of Lambholt
avr	Craterhoof Behemoth
avr	Descendants' Path
avr	Diregraf Escort
avr	Druid's Familiar
avr	Druids' Repository
avr	Eaten by Spiders
avr	Flowering Lumberknot
avr	Geist Trappers
avr	Divine Deflection
avr	Gloomwidow
avr	Grounded
avr	Howlgeist
avr	Joint Assault
avr	Lair Delve
avr	Natural End
avr	Nettle Swine
avr	Nightshade Peddler
avr	Pathbreaker Wurm
avr	Primal Surge
avr	Emancipation Angel
avr	Rain of Thorns
avr	Revenge of the Hunted
avr	Sheltering Word
avr	Snare the Skies
avr	Somberwald Sage
avr	Soul of the Harvest
avr	Terrifying Presence
avr	Timberland Guide
avr	Triumph of Ferocity
avr	Trusted Forcemage
avr	Angel of Jubilation
avr	Entreat the Angels
avr	Ulvenwald Tracker
avr	Vorstclaw
avr	Wandering Wolf
avr	Wild Defiance
avr	Wildwood Geist
avr	Wolfir Avenger
avr	Wolfir Silverheart
avr	Yew Spirit
avr	Bruna, Light of Alabaster
avr	Gisela, Blade of Goldnight
avr	Farbog Explorer
avr	Sigarda, Host of Herons
avr	Angel's Tomb
avr	Angelic Armaments
avr	Bladed Bracers
avr	Conjurer's Closet
avr	Gallows at Willow Hill
avr	Haunted Guardian
avr	Moonsilver Spear
avr	Narstad Scrapper
avr	Otherworld Atlas
avr	Goldnight Commander
avr	Scroll of Avacyn
avr	Scroll of Griselbrand
avr	Tormentor's Trident
avr	Vanguard's Shield
avr	Vessel of Endless Rest
avr	Alchemist's Refuge
avr	Cavern of Souls
avr	Desolate Lighthouse
avr	Seraph Sanctuary
avr	Slayers' Stronghold
avr	Goldnight Redeemer
avr	Plains
avr	Plains
avr	Plains
avr	Island
avr	Island
avr	Island
avr	Swamp
avr	Swamp
avr	Swamp
avr	Mountain
avr	Herald of War
avr	Mountain
avr	Mountain
avr	Forest
avr	Forest
avr	Forest
avr	Holy Justiciar
avr	Leap of Faith
avr	Midnight Duelist
avr	Midvast Protector
avr	Moonlight Geist
avr	Angel's Mercy
avr	Moorland Inquisitor
avr	Nearheath Pilgrim
avr	Restoration Angel
avr	Riders of Gavony
avr	Righteous Blow
avr	Seraph of Dawn
avr	Silverblade Paladin
avr	Spectral Gateguards
avr	Terminus
avr	Thraben Valiant
avr	Angelic Wall
avr	Voice of the Provinces
avr	Zealous Strike
avr	Alchemist's Apprentice
avr	Amass the Components
avr	Arcane Melee
avr	Captain of the Mists
avr	Crippling Chill
avr	Deadeye Navigator
avr	Devastation Tide
avr	Dreadwaters
avr	Archangel
avr	Elgaud Shieldmate
avr	Favorable Winds
avr	Fettergeist
avr	Fleeting Distraction
avr	Galvanic Alchemist
avr	Geist Snatch
avr	Ghostform
avr	Ghostly Flicker
avr	Ghostly Touch
avr	Gryff Vanguard
avr	Avacyn, Angel of Hope
avr	Havengul Skaab
avr	Infinite Reflection
avr	Into the Void
avr	Latch Seeker
avr	Lone Revenant
avr	Lunar Mystic
avr	Mass Appeal
avr	Mist Raven
avr	Misthollow Griffin
avr	Nephalia Smuggler
avr	Banishing Stroke
avr	Outwit
avr	Peel from Reality
avr	Rotcrown Ghoul
avr	Scrapskin Drake
avr	Second Guess
avr	Spectral Prison
avr	Spirit Away
avr	Stern Mentor
avr	Stolen Goods
avr	Tamiyo, the Moon Sage
avr	Builder's Blessing
avr	Tandem Lookout
avr	Temporal Mastery
avr	Vanishment
avr	Wingcrafter
avr	Appetite for Brains
avr	Barter in Blood
avr	Blood Artist
avr	Bloodflow Connoisseur
avr	Bone Splinters
avr	Butcher Ghoul
avr	Call to Serve
avr	Corpse Traders
avr	Crypt Creeper
avr	Dark Impostor
avr	Death Wind
avr	Demonic Rising
avr	Demonic Taskmaster
avr	Demonlord of Ashmouth
avr	Descent into Madness
avr	Dread Slaver
avr	Driver of the Dead
brb	Abyssal Specter
brb	Broken Fall
brb	Wrath of God
brb	Forest
brb	Sandstorm
brb	Cackling Fiend
brb	Island
brb	Mountain
brb	Catastrophe
brb	Plains
brb	Cinder Marsh
brb	Swamp
brb	Control Magic
brb	Counterspell
brb	Crazed Skirge
brb	Curfew
brb	Dark Ritual
brb	Dirtcowl Wurm
brb	Advance Scout
brb	Disenchant
brb	Symbiosis
brb	Disruptive Student
brb	Drifting Meadow
brb	Elvish Lyrist
brb	Exhume
brb	Fecundity
brb	Fertile Ground
brb	Fire Ants
brb	Giant Growth
brb	Air Elemental
brb	Gorilla Warrior
brb	Healing Salve
brb	Flood
brb	Heat Ray
brb	Hurricane
brb	Infantry Veteran
brb	Land Tax
brb	Lhurgoyf
brb	Lightning Elemental
brb	Living Death
brb	Llanowar Elves
brb	Angelic Page
brb	Man-o'-War
brb	Mana Leak
brb	Maniacal Rage
brb	Manta Riders
brb	Master Decoy
brb	Mogg Hollows
brb	Nekrataal
brb	Opportunity
brb	Pacifism
brb	Pestilence
brb	Arc Lightning
brb	Phyrexian Ghoul
brb	Pincher Beetles
brb	Plated Rootwalla
brb	Polluted Mire
brb	Prodigal Sorcerer
brb	Raging Goblin
brb	Ray of Command
brb	Reanimate
brb	Remote Isle
brb	River Boa
brb	Argothian Elder
brb	Rolling Thunder
brb	Sadistic Glee
brb	Sanctum Custodian
brb	Sanctum Guardian
brb	Scaled Wurm
brb	Scryb Sprites
brb	Seasoned Marshal
brb	Seeker of Skybreak
brb	Sengir Vampire
brb	Armored Pegasus
brb	Sewer Rats
brb	Shower of Sparks
brb	Skyshroud Elite
brb	Slippery Karst
brb	Soltari Foot Soldier
brb	Songstitcher
brb	Soul Warden
brb	Spike Colony
brb	Spike Feeder
brb	Spike Weaver
brb	Azure Drake
brb	Spike Worker
brb	Steam Blast
brb	Subversion
brb	Sun Clasp
brb	Swords to Plowshares
brb	Syphon Soul
brb	Terror
brb	Thalakos Lowlands
brb	Tranquility
brb	Blinking Spirit
brb	Trumpeting Armodon
brb	Unnerve
brb	Uthden Troll
brb	Vec Townships
brb	Village Elder
brb	Wall of Heat
brb	Weakness
brb	Wildfire Emissary
brb	Wind Drake
brb	Windfall
btd	Air Elemental
btd	Killer Whale
btd	Leviathan
btd	Mahamoti Djinn
btd	Power Sink
btd	Snapping Drake
btd	Tolarian Winds
btd	Vigilant Drake
btd	Wayward Soul
btd	Bone Harvest
btd	Blizzard Elemental
btd	Coercion
btd	Dark Ritual
btd	Death Stroke
btd	Diabolic Edict
btd	Drain Life
btd	Fallen Angel
btd	Impulse
btd	Feral Shadow
btd	Gravedigger
btd	Hollow Dogs
btd	Sengir Vampire
btd	Brainstorm
btd	Skittering Horror
btd	Skittering Skirge
btd	Tar Pit Warrior
btd	Terror
btd	Balduvian Horde
btd	Ball Lightning
btd	Bloodrock Cyclops
btd	Fireball
btd	Hulking Cyclops
btd	Kird Ape
btd	Cloud Djinn
btd	Lava Axe
btd	Lightning Bolt
btd	Lowland Giant
btd	Raging Goblin
btd	Shivan Dragon
btd	Shock
btd	Sonic Burst
btd	Talruum Minotaur
btd	Thunderbolt
btd	Thundering Giant
btd	Cloud Elemental
btd	Viashino Warrior
btd	Crash of Rhinos
btd	Crashing Boars
btd	Deadly Insect
btd	Erhnam Djinn
btd	Fog
btd	Force of Nature
btd	Giant Growth
btd	Llanowar Elves
btd	Plated Spider
btd	Counterspell
btd	Quirion Elves
btd	Rampant Growth
btd	Scaled Wurm
btd	Shambling Strider
btd	Wild Growth
btd	Woolly Spider
btd	Yavimaya Wurm
btd	Diabolic Vision
btd	Segmented Wurm
btd	Clockwork Avian
btd	Fog Elemental
btd	Clockwork Beast
btd	Dwarven Ruins
btd	Ebon Stronghold
btd	Havenwood Battleground
btd	Polluted Mire
btd	Remote Isle
btd	Slippery Karst
btd	Smoldering Crater
btd	Svyelunite Temple
btd	Island
btd	Gaseous Form
btd	Swamp
btd	Mountain
btd	Forest
btd	Giant Crab
bok	Day of Destiny
bok	Kami of False Hope
bok	First Volley
bok	Flames of the Blood Hand
bok	Frost Ogre
bok	Frostling
bok	Fumiko the Lowblood
bok	Genju of the Spires
bok	Goblin Cohort
bok	Heartless Hidetsugu
bok	In the Web of War
bok	Ire of Kaminari
bok	Kami of Tattered Shoji
bok	Ishi-Ishi, Akki Crackshot
bok	Kumano's Blessing
bok	Mannichi, the Fevered Dream
bok	Ogre Recluse
bok	Overblaze
bok	Patron of the Akki
bok	Ronin Cliffrider
bok	Shinka Gatekeeper
bok	Sowing Salt
bok	Torrent of Stone
bok	Kami of the Honored Dead
bok	Twist Allegiance
bok	Body of Jukai
bok	Budoka Pupil
bok	Ichiga, Who Topples Oaks
bok	Child of Thorns
bok	Enshrined Memories
bok	Forked-Branch Garami
bok	Genju of the Cedars
bok	Gnarled Mass
bok	Harbinger of Spring
bok	Isao, Enlightened Bushi
bok	Kentaro, the Smiling Cat
bok	Iwamori of the Open Fist
bok	Kodama of the Center Tree
bok	Lifegift
bok	Lifespinner
bok	Loam Dweller
bok	Mark of Sakiko
bok	Matsu-Tribe Sniper
bok	Nourishing Shoal
bok	Patron of the Orochi
bok	Petalmane Baku
bok	Kitsune Palliator
bok	Roar of Jukai
bok	Sakiko, Mother of Summer
bok	Sakura-Tribe Springcaller
bok	Scaled Hulk
bok	Shizuko, Caller of Autumn
bok	Sosuke's Summons
bok	Splinter
bok	Traproot Kami
bok	Unchecked Growth
bok	Uproot
bok	Mending Hands
bok	Vital Surge
bok	Genju of the Realm
bok	Baku Altar
bok	Blinding Powder
bok	Mirror Gallery
bok	Neko-Te
bok	Orb of Dreams
bok	Ornate Kanzashi
bok	Ronin Warclub
bok	Shuko
bok	Moonlit Strider
bok	Shuriken
bok	Slumbering Tora
bok	That Which Was Taken
bok	Umezawa's Jitte
bok	Gods' Eye, Gate to the Reikai
bok	Tendo Ice Bridge
bok	Opal-Eye, Konda's Yojimbo
bok	Oyobi, Who Split the Heavens
bok	Patron of the Kitsune
bok	Empty-Shrine Kannushi
bok	Scour
bok	Shining Shoal
bok	Silverstorm Samurai
bok	Split-Tail Miko
bok	Takeno's Cavalry
bok	Tallowisp
bok	Terashi's Grasp
bok	Terashi's Verdict
bok	Ward of Piety
bok	Waxmane Baku
bok	Yomiji, Who Bars the Way
bok	Callow Jushi
bok	Jaraku the Interloper
bok	Chisei, Heart of Oceans
bok	Disrupting Shoal
bok	Floodbringer
bok	Genju of the Falls
bok	Heed the Mists
bok	Higure, the Still Wind
bok	Jetting Glasskite
bok	Kaijin of the Vanishing Touch
bok	Faithful Squire
bok	Kaiso, Memory of Loyalty
bok	Final Judgment
bok	Kira, Great Glass-Spinner
bok	Minamo Sightbender
bok	Minamo's Meddling
bok	Mistblade Shinobi
bok	Ninja of the Deep Hours
bok	Patron of the Moon
bok	Phantom Wings
bok	Quash
bok	Quillmane Baku
bok	Reduce to Dreams
bok	Genju of the Fields
bok	Ribbons of the Reikai
bok	Shimmering Glasskite
bok	Soratami Mindsweeper
bok	Stream of Consciousness
bok	Sway of the Stars
bok	Teardrop Kami
bok	Threads of Disloyalty
bok	Toils of Night and Day
bok	Tomorrow, Azami's Familiar
bok	Veil of Secrecy
bok	Heart of Light
bok	Walker of Secret Ways
bok	Bile Urchin
bok	Blessing of Leeches
bok	Call for Blood
bok	Crawling Filth
bok	Eradicate
bok	Genju of the Fens
bok	Goryo's Vengeance
bok	Hero's Demise
bok	Hired Muscle
bok	Scarmaker
bok	Hokori, Dust Drinker
bok	Horobi's Whisper
bok	Ink-Eyes, Servant of Oni
bok	Kyoki, Sanity's Eclipse
bok	Mark of the Oni
bok	Nezumi Shadow-Watcher
bok	Ogre Marauder
bok	Okiba-Gang Shinobi
bok	Patron of the Nezumi
bok	Psychic Spear
bok	Pus Kami
bok	Hundred-Talon Strike
bok	Scourge of Numai
bok	Shirei, Shizo's Caretaker
bok	Sickening Shoal
bok	Skullmane Baku
bok	Skullsnatcher
bok	Stir the Grave
bok	Takenuma Bleeder
bok	Three Tragedies
bok	Throat Slitter
bok	Toshiro Umezawa
bok	Indebted Samurai
bok	Yukora, the Prisoner
bok	Akki Blizzard-Herder
bok	Akki Raider
bok	Ashen Monstrosity
bok	Aura Barbs
bok	Blademane Baku
bok	Blazing Shoal
bok	Clash of Realities
bok	Crack the Earth
bok	Cunning Bandit
bok	Azamuki, Treachery Incarnate
bng	Acolyte's Reward
bng	Akroan Phalanx
bng	Akroan Skyguard
bng	Archetype of Courage
bng	Brimaz, King of Oreskos
bng	Dawn to Dusk
bng	Eidolon of Countless Battles
bng	Elite Skirmisher
bng	Ephara's Radiance
bng	Excoriate
bng	Fated Retribution
bng	Ghostblade Eidolon
bng	Glimpse the Sun God
bng	God-Favored General
bng	Great Hart
bng	Griffin Dreamfinder
bng	Hero of Iroas
bng	Hold at Bay
bng	Loyal Pegasus
bng	Mortal's Ardor
bng	Nyxborn Shieldmate
bng	Oreskos Sun Guide
bng	Ornitharch
bng	Plea for Guidance
bng	Revoke Existence
bng	Silent Sentinel
bng	Spirit of the Labyrinth
bng	Sunbond
bng	Vanguard of Brimaz
bng	Aerie Worshippers
bng	Arbiter of the Ideal
bng	Archetype of Imagination
bng	Chorus of the Tides
bng	Crypsis
bng	Deepwater Hypnotist
bng	Divination
bng	Eternity Snare
bng	Evanescent Intellect
bng	Fated Infatuation
bng	Flitterstep Eidolon
bng	Floodtide Serpent
bng	Kraken of the Straits
bng	Meletis Astronomer
bng	Mindreaver
bng	Nullify
bng	Nyxborn Triton
bng	Oracle's Insight
bng	Perplexing Chimera
bng	Retraction Helix
bng	Siren of the Fanged Coast
bng	Sphinx's Disciple
bng	Stratus Walk
bng	Sudden Storm
bng	Thassa's Rebuff
bng	Tromokratis
bng	Vortex Elemental
bng	Whelming Wave
bng	Archetype of Finality
bng	Ashiok's Adept
bng	Asphyxiate
bng	Bile Blight
bng	Black Oak of Odunos
bng	Champion of Stray Souls
bng	Claim of Erebos
bng	Drown in Sorrow
bng	Eater of Hope
bng	Eye Gouge
bng	Fate Unraveler
bng	Fated Return
bng	Felhide Brawler
bng	Forlorn Pseudamma
bng	Forsaken Drifters
bng	Gild
bng	Grisly Transformation
bng	Herald of Torment
bng	Marshmist Titan
bng	Necrobite
bng	Nyxborn Eidolon
bng	Odunos River Trawler
bng	Pain Seer
bng	Sanguimancy
bng	Servant of Tymaret
bng	Shrike Harpy
bng	Spiteful Returned
bng	Warchanter of Mogis
bng	Weight of the Underworld
bng	Akroan Conscriptor
bng	Archetype of Aggression
bng	Bolt of Keranos
bng	Cyclops of One-Eyed Pass
bng	Epiphany Storm
bng	Everflame Eidolon
bng	Fall of the Hammer
bng	Fated Conflagration
bng	Fearsome Temper
bng	Felhide Spiritbinder
bng	Flame-Wreathed Phoenix
bng	Forgestoker Dragon
bng	Impetuous Sunchaser
bng	Kragma Butcher
bng	Lightning Volley
bng	Nyxborn Rollicker
bng	Oracle of Bones
bng	Pharagax Giant
bng	Pinnacle of Rage
bng	Reckless Reveler
bng	Rise to the Challenge
bng	Satyr Firedancer
bng	Satyr Nyx-Smith
bng	Scouring Sands
bng	Searing Blood
bng	Stormcaller of Keranos
bng	Thunder Brute
bng	Thunderous Might
bng	Whims of the Fates
bng	Archetype of Endurance
bng	Aspect of Hydra
bng	Charging Badger
bng	Courser of Kruphix
bng	Culling Mark
bng	Fated Intervention
bng	Graverobber Spider
bng	Hero of Leina Tower
bng	Hunter's Prowess
bng	Karametra's Favor
bng	Mischief and Mayhem
bng	Mortal's Resolve
bng	Nessian Demolok
bng	Nessian Wilds Ravager
bng	Noble Quarry
bng	Nyxborn Wolf
bng	Peregrination
bng	Pheres-Band Raiders
bng	Pheres-Band Tromper
bng	Raised by Wolves
bng	Satyr Wayfinder
bng	Scourge of Skola Vale
bng	Setessan Oathsworn
bng	Setessan Starbreaker
bng	Skyreaping
bng	Snake of the Golden Grove
bng	Swordwise Centaur
bng	Unravel the Aether
bng	Chromanticore
bng	Ephara, God of the Polis
bng	Ephara's Enlightenment
bng	Fanatic of Xenagos
bng	Karametra, God of Harvests
bng	Kiora, the Crashing Wave
bng	Kiora's Follower
bng	Mogis, God of Slaughter
bng	Phenax, God of Deception
bng	Ragemonger
bng	Reap What Is Sown
bng	Siren of the Silent Song
bng	Xenagos, God of Revels
bng	Astral Cornucopia
bng	Gorgon's Head
bng	Heroes' Podium
bng	Pillar of War
bng	Siren Song Lyre
bng	Springleaf Drum
bng	Temple of Enlightenment
bng	Temple of Malice
bng	Temple of Plenty
chk	Blessed Breath
chk	Ghostly Prison
chk	Wandering Ones
chk	Ashen-Skin Zubera
chk	Befoul
chk	Blood Speaker
chk	Bloodthirsty Ogre
chk	Cranial Extraction
chk	Cruel Deceiver
chk	Cursed Ronin
chk	Dance of Shadows
chk	Deathcurse Ogre
chk	Harsh Deceiver
chk	Devouring Greed
chk	Distress
chk	Gibbering Kami
chk	Gutwrencher Oni
chk	He Who Hungers
chk	Hideous Laughter
chk	Honden of Night's Reach
chk	Horobi, Death's Wail
chk	Iname, Death Aspect
chk	Kami of Lunacy
chk	Hikari, Twilight Guardian
chk	Kami of the Waning Moon
chk	Kiku, Night's Flower
chk	Kokusho, the Evening Star
chk	Kuro, Pitlord
chk	Marrow-Gnawer
chk	Midnight Covenant
chk	Myojin of Night's Reach
chk	Nezumi Bone-Reader
chk	Nezumi Cutthroat
chk	Nezumi Graverobber
chk	Nighteyes the Desecrator
chk	Hold the Line
chk	Nezumi Ronin
chk	Nezumi Shortfang
chk	Stabwhisker the Odious
chk	Night Dealings
chk	Night of Souls' Betrayal
chk	Numai Outcast
chk	Oni Possession
chk	Painwracker Oni
chk	Pull Under
chk	Rag Dealer
chk	Ragged Veins
chk	Honden of Cleansing Fire
chk	Rend Flesh
chk	Rend Spirit
chk	Scuttling Death
chk	Seizan, Perverter of Truth
chk	Soulless Revival
chk	Struggle for Sanity
chk	Swallowing Plague
chk	Thief of Hope
chk	Villainous Ogre
chk	Waking Nightmare
chk	Horizon Seed
chk	Wicked Akuba
chk	Akki Avalanchers
chk	Akki Coalflinger
chk	Akki Lavarunner
chk	Tok-Tok, Volcano Born
chk	Akki Rockspeaker
chk	Akki Underminer
chk	Battle-Mad Ronin
chk	Ben-Ben, Akki Hermit
chk	Blind with Anger
chk	Blood Rites
chk	Hundred-Talon Kami
chk	Brothers Yamazaki
chk	Brutal Deceiver
chk	Crushing Pain
chk	Desperate Ritual
chk	Devouring Rage
chk	Earthshaker
chk	Ember-Fist Zubera
chk	Frostwielder
chk	Glacial Ray
chk	Godo, Bandit Warlord
chk	Indomitable Will
chk	Hanabi Blast
chk	Hearth Kami
chk	Honden of Infinite Rage
chk	Initiate of Blood
chk	Goka the Unjust
chk	Kami of Fire's Roar
chk	Kiki-Jiki, Mirror Breaker
chk	Kumano, Master Yamabushi
chk	Kumano's Pupils
chk	Lava Spike
chk	Mana Seism
chk	Innocence Kami
chk	Mindblaze
chk	Myojin of Infinite Rage
chk	Ore Gorger
chk	Pain Kami
chk	Ronin Houndmaster
chk	Ryusei, the Falling Star
chk	Shimatsu the Bloodcloaked
chk	Sideswipe
chk	Sokenzan Bruiser
chk	Soul of Magma
chk	Isamaru, Hound of Konda
chk	Soulblast
chk	Stone Rain
chk	Strange Inversion
chk	Through the Breach
chk	Tide of War
chk	Uncontrollable Anger
chk	Unearthly Blizzard
chk	Unnatural Speed
chk	Yamabushi's Flame
chk	Yamabushi's Storm
chk	Kabuto Moth
chk	Zo-Zu the Punisher
chk	Azusa, Lost but Seeking
chk	Budoka Gardener
chk	Dokai, Weaver of Life
chk	Burr Grafter
chk	Commune with Nature
chk	Dosan the Falling Leaf
chk	Dripping-Tongue Zubera
chk	Feast of Worms
chk	Feral Deceiver
chk	Gale Force
chk	Kami of Ancient Law
chk	Glimpse of Nature
chk	Hana Kami
chk	Heartbeat of Spring
chk	Honden of Life's Web
chk	Humble Budoka
chk	Iname, Life Aspect
chk	Joyous Respite
chk	Jugan, the Rising Star
chk	Jukai Messenger
chk	Kami of the Hunt
chk	Kami of Old Stone
chk	Kashi-Tribe Reaver
chk	Kashi-Tribe Warriors
chk	Kodama of the North Tree
chk	Kodama of the South Tree
chk	Kodama's Might
chk	Kodama's Reach
chk	Lure
chk	Matsu-Tribe Decoy
chk	Moss Kami
chk	Myojin of Life's Web
chk	Kami of the Painted Road
chk	Nature's Will
chk	Orbweaver Kumo
chk	Order of the Sacred Bell
chk	Orochi Eggwatcher
chk	Shidako, Broodmistress
chk	Orochi Leafcaller
chk	Orochi Ranger
chk	Orochi Sustainer
chk	Rootrunner
chk	Sachi, Daughter of Seshiro
chk	Sakura-Tribe Elder
chk	Kami of the Palace Fields
chk	Serpent Skin
chk	Seshiro the Anointed
chk	Shisato, Whispering Hunter
chk	Soilshaper
chk	Sosuke, Son of Seshiro
chk	Strength of Cedars
chk	Thousand-legged Kami
chk	Time of Need
chk	Venerable Kumo
chk	Vine Kami
chk	Kitsune Blademaster
chk	Wear Away
chk	General's Kabuto
chk	Hair-Strung Koto
chk	Hankyu
chk	Honor-Worn Shaku
chk	Imi Statue
chk	Jade Idol
chk	Journeyer's Kite
chk	Junkyo Bell
chk	Konda's Banner
chk	Kitsune Diviner
chk	Kusari-Gama
chk	Long-Forgotten Gohei
chk	Moonring Mirror
chk	Nine-Ringed Bo
chk	No-Dachi
chk	Oathkeeper, Takeno's Daisho
chk	Orochi Hatchery
chk	Reito Lantern
chk	Sensei's Divining Top
chk	Shell of the Last Kappa
chk	Kitsune Healer
chk	Tatsumasa, the Dragon's Fang
chk	Tenza, Godo's Maul
chk	Uba Mask
chk	Boseiju, Who Shelters All
chk	Cloudcrest Lake
chk	Eiganjo Castle
chk	Forbidden Orchard
chk	Hall of the Bandit Lord
chk	Lantern-Lit Graveyard
chk	Minamo, School at Water's Edge
chk	Okina, Temple to the Grandfathers
chk	Pinecrest Ridge
chk	Shinka, the Bloodsoaked Keep
chk	Shizo, Death's Storehouse
chk	Tranquil Garden
chk	Untaidake, the Cloud Keeper
chk	Waterveil Cavern
chk	Plains
chk	Plains
chk	Plains
chk	Kitsune Mystic
chk	Autumn-Tail, Kitsune Sage
chk	Kitsune Riftwalker
chk	Plains
chk	Island
chk	Island
chk	Island
chk	Island
chk	Swamp
chk	Swamp
chk	Swamp
chk	Swamp
chk	Mountain
chk	Bushi Tenderfoot
chk	Kenzo the Hardhearted
chk	Cage of Hands
chk	Konda, Lord of Eiganjo
chk	Mountain
chk	Mountain
chk	Mountain
chk	Forest
chk	Forest
chk	Forest
chk	Forest
chk	Konda's Hatamoto
chk	Lantern Kami
chk	Masako the Humorless
chk	Mothrider Samurai
chk	Myojin of Cleansing Fire
chk	Nagao, Bound by Honor
chk	Otherworldly Journey
chk	Pious Kitsune
chk	Quiet Purity
chk	Call to Glory
chk	Reciprocate
chk	Reverse the Sands
chk	Samurai Enforcers
chk	Samurai of the Pale Curtain
chk	Sensei Golden-Tail
chk	Silent-Chant Zubera
chk	Takeno, Samurai General
chk	Terashi's Cry
chk	Vassal's Duty
chk	Vigilance
chk	Candles' Glow
chk	Yosei, the Morning Star
chk	Aura of Dominion
chk	Azami, Lady of Scrolls
chk	Callous Deceiver
chk	Consuming Vortex
chk	Counsel of the Soratami
chk	Cut the Tethers
chk	Dampen Thought
chk	Eerie Procession
chk	Eye of Nowhere
chk	Cleanfall
chk	Field of Reality
chk	Floating-Dream Zubera
chk	Gifts Ungiven
chk	Graceful Adept
chk	Guardian of Solitude
chk	Hinder
chk	Hisoka, Minamo Sensei
chk	Hisoka's Defiance
chk	Hisoka's Guard
chk	Honden of Seeing Winds
chk	Devoted Retainer
chk	Jushi Apprentice
chk	Tomoya the Revealer
chk	Kami of Twisted Reflection
chk	Keiga, the Tide Star
chk	Lifted by Clouds
chk	Meloku the Clouded Mirror
chk	Myojin of Seeing Winds
chk	Mystic Restraints
chk	Part the Veil
chk	Peer Through Depths
chk	Petals of Insight
chk	Eight-and-a-Half-Tails
chk	Psychic Puppetry
chk	Reach Through Mists
chk	Reweave
chk	River Kaijin
chk	Sift Through Sands
chk	Sire of the Storm
chk	Soratami Cloudskater
chk	Soratami Mirror-Guard
chk	Soratami Mirror-Mage
chk	Soratami Rainshaper
chk	Ethereal Haze
chk	Soratami Savant
chk	Soratami Seer
chk	Squelch
chk	Student of Elements
chk	Tobita, Master of Winds
chk	Swirl the Mists
chk	Teller of Tales
chk	Thoughtbind
chk	Time Stop
chk	The Unspeakable
chk	Uyo, Silent Prophet
chr	Banshee
chr	Urza's Tower
chr	Arcades Sabboth
chr	Axelrod Gunnarson
chr	Ayesha Tanaka
chr	Chromium
chr	The Wretched
chr	Dakkon Blackblade
chr	Gabriel Angelfire
chr	Johan
chr	Kei Takahashi
chr	Marhault Elsdragon
chr	Nebuchadnezzar
chr	Nicol Bolas
chr	Palladia-Mors
chr	Rubinia Soulsinger
chr	Sivitri Scarzam
chr	Transmutation
chr	Sol'kanar the Swamp King
chr	Stangg
chr	Tobias Andrion
chr	Tor Wauki
chr	Vaevictis Asmadi
chr	Xira Arien
chr	Wall of Shadows
chr	Yawgmoth Demon
chr	Azure Drake
chr	The Fallen
chr	Boomerang
chr	Dance of Many
chr	Dandân
chr	Enchantment Alteration
chr	Bog Rats
chr	Fishliver Oil
chr	Flash Flood
chr	Juxtapose
chr	Puppet Master
chr	Recall
chr	Remove Soul
chr	Teleport
chr	Wall of Vapor
chr	Wall of Wonder
chr	Sentinel
chr	Argothian Pixies
chr	Cuombajj Witches
chr	Cat Warriors
chr	Cocoon
chr	Concordant Crossroads
chr	Craw Giant
chr	Cyclone
chr	Emerald Dragonfly
chr	Erhnam Djinn
chr	Ghazbán Ogre
chr	Metamorphosis
chr	Rabid Wombat
chr	Fallen Angel
chr	Scavenger Folk
chr	Storm Seeker
chr	Active Volcano
chr	Aladdin
chr	Beasts of Bogardan
chr	Blood Moon
chr	Fire Drake
chr	Goblin Artisans
chr	Goblin Digging Team
chr	Giant Slug
chr	Goblin Shrine
chr	Goblins of the Flarg
chr	Land's Edge
chr	Mountain Yeti
chr	Primordial Ooze
chr	Wall of Heat
chr	Wall of Opposition
chr	Abu Ja'far
chr	Akron Legionnaire
chr	Angelic Voices
chr	Hasran Ogress
chr	Blood of the Martyr
chr	D'Avenant Archer
chr	Divine Offering
chr	Indestructible Aura
chr	Ivory Guardians
chr	Keepers of the Faith
chr	Petra Sphinx
chr	Repentant Blacksmith
chr	Shield Wall
chr	War Elephant
chr	Hell's Caretaker
chr	Witch Hunter
chr	Arena of the Ancients
chr	Ashnod's Altar
chr	Ashnod's Transmogrant
chr	Barl's Cage
chr	Book of Rass
chr	Bronze Horse
chr	Feldon's Cane
chr	Fountain of Youth
chr	Gauntlets of Chaos
chr	Shimian Night Stalker
chr	Horn of Deafening
chr	Jalum Tome
chr	Jeweled Bird
chr	Living Armor
chr	Obelisk of Undoing
chr	Rakalite
chr	Runesword
chr	Revelation
chr	Serpent Generator
chr	Tormod's Crypt
chr	Takklemaggot
chr	Triassic Egg
chr	Voodoo Doll
chr	City of Brass
chr	Safe Haven
chr	Urza's Mine
chr	Urza's Power Plant
clash	Prognostic Sphinx
clash	Fated Intervention
clash	Font of Fertility
clash	Hydra Broodmaster
clash	Prophet of Kruphix
clash	Temple of Mystery
clash	Necropolis Fiend
clash	Hero's Downfall
clash	Sultai Ascendancy
clash	Reaper of the Wilds
clash	Whip of Erebos
clash	Courser of Kruphix
6ed	Animate Wall
6ed	Circle of Protection: Green
6ed	Spell Blast
6ed	Storm Crow
6ed	Tidal Surge
6ed	Unsummon
6ed	Vodalian Soldiers
6ed	Wall of Air
6ed	Wind Drake
6ed	Wind Spirit
6ed	Zur's Weirding
6ed	Abyssal Hunter
6ed	Circle of Protection: Red
6ed	Abyssal Specter
6ed	Agonizing Memories
6ed	Ashen Powder
6ed	Blight
6ed	Blighted Shaman
6ed	Blood Pet
6ed	Bog Imp
6ed	Bog Rats
6ed	Bog Wraith
6ed	Coercion
6ed	Circle of Protection: White
6ed	Derelor
6ed	Doomsday
6ed	Dread of Night
6ed	Drudge Skeletons
6ed	Dry Spell
6ed	Enfeeblement
6ed	Evil Eye of Orms-by-Gore
6ed	Fallen Angel
6ed	Fatal Blow
6ed	Fear
6ed	Crusade
6ed	Feast of the Unicorn
6ed	Feral Shadow
6ed	Forbidden Crypt
6ed	Gravebane Zombie
6ed	Gravedigger
6ed	Greed
6ed	Hecatomb
6ed	Hidden Horror
6ed	Howl from Beyond
6ed	Infernal Contract
6ed	D'Avenant Archer
6ed	Kjeldoran Dead
6ed	Leshrac's Rite
6ed	Lost Soul
6ed	Mind Warp
6ed	Mischievous Poltergeist
6ed	Necrosavant
6ed	Nightmare
6ed	Painful Memories
6ed	Perish
6ed	Pestilence
6ed	Daraja Griffin
6ed	Python
6ed	Rag Man
6ed	Raise Dead
6ed	Razortooth Rats
6ed	Scathe Zombies
6ed	Sengir Autocrat
6ed	Strands of Night
6ed	Stromgald Cabal
6ed	Stupor
6ed	Syphon Soul
6ed	Disenchant
6ed	Terror
6ed	Vampiric Tutor
6ed	Zombie Master
6ed	Aether Flash
6ed	Anaba Bodyguard
6ed	Anaba Shaman
6ed	Balduvian Barbarians
6ed	Balduvian Horde
6ed	Blaze
6ed	Boil
6ed	Divine Transformation
6ed	Burrowing
6ed	Conquer
6ed	Crimson Hellkite
6ed	Earthquake
6ed	Fervor
6ed	Final Fortune
6ed	Fire Elemental
6ed	Firebreathing
6ed	Fit of Rage
6ed	Flame Spirit
6ed	Ekundu Griffin
6ed	Flashfires
6ed	Giant Strength
6ed	Goblin Digging Team
6ed	Goblin Elite Infantry
6ed	Goblin Hero
6ed	Goblin King
6ed	Goblin Recruiter
6ed	Goblin Warrens
6ed	Hammer of Bogardan
6ed	Hulking Cyclops
6ed	Enlightened Tutor
6ed	Illicit Auction
6ed	Inferno
6ed	Jokulhaups
6ed	Lightning Blast
6ed	Manabarbs
6ed	Mountain Goat
6ed	Orcish Artillery
6ed	Orcish Oriflamme
6ed	Pillage
6ed	Pyrotechnics
6ed	Archangel
6ed	Ethereal Champion
6ed	Raging Goblin
6ed	Reckless Embermage
6ed	Relentless Assault
6ed	Sabretooth Tiger
6ed	Shatter
6ed	Shatterstorm
6ed	Shock
6ed	Spitting Drake
6ed	Spitting Earth
6ed	Stone Rain
6ed	Exile
6ed	Talruum Minotaur
6ed	Tremor
6ed	Vertigo
6ed	Viashino Warrior
6ed	Volcanic Dragon
6ed	Volcanic Geyser
6ed	Wall of Fire
6ed	Birds of Paradise
6ed	Call of the Wild
6ed	Cat Warriors
6ed	Healing Salve
6ed	Creeping Mold
6ed	Dense Foliage
6ed	Early Harvest
6ed	Elder Druid
6ed	Elven Cache
6ed	Elven Riders
6ed	Elvish Archers
6ed	Fallow Earth
6ed	Familiar Ground
6ed	Femeref Archers
6ed	Heavy Ballista
6ed	Fog
6ed	Fyndhorn Brownie
6ed	Fyndhorn Elder
6ed	Giant Growth
6ed	Giant Spider
6ed	Gorilla Chieftain
6ed	Grizzly Bears
6ed	Hurricane
6ed	Living Lands
6ed	Llanowar Elves
6ed	Hero's Resolve
6ed	Lure
6ed	Maro
6ed	Nature's Resurgence
6ed	Panther Warriors
6ed	Pradesh Gypsies
6ed	Radjan Spirit
6ed	Rampant Growth
6ed	Redwood Treefolk
6ed	Regeneration
6ed	River Boa
6ed	Icatian Town
6ed	Rowen
6ed	Scaled Wurm
6ed	Shanodin Dryads
6ed	Stalking Tiger
6ed	Stream of Life
6ed	Summer Bloom
6ed	Thicket Basilisk
6ed	Trained Armodon
6ed	Tranquil Grove
6ed	Tranquility
6ed	Infantry Veteran
6ed	Uktabi Orangutan
6ed	Uktabi Wildcats
6ed	Unseen Walker
6ed	Untamed Wilds
6ed	Verduran Enchantress
6ed	Vitalize
6ed	Waiting in the Weeds
6ed	Warthog
6ed	Wild Growth
6ed	Worldly Tutor
6ed	Kismet
6ed	Wyluli Wolf
6ed	Aladdin's Ring
6ed	Amber Prison
6ed	Ankh of Mishra
6ed	Ashnod's Altar
6ed	Bottle of Suleiman
6ed	Charcoal Diamond
6ed	Crystal Rod
6ed	Cursed Totem
6ed	Dancing Scimitar
6ed	Kjeldoran Royal Guard
6ed	Dingus Egg
6ed	Disrupting Scepter
6ed	Dragon Engine
6ed	Dragon Mask
6ed	Fire Diamond
6ed	Flying Carpet
6ed	Fountain of Youth
6ed	Glasses of Urza
6ed	Grinning Totem
6ed	Howling Mine
6ed	Light of Day
6ed	Iron Star
6ed	Ivory Cup
6ed	Jade Monolith
6ed	Jalum Tome
6ed	Jayemdae Tome
6ed	Lead Golem
6ed	Mana Prism
6ed	Marble Diamond
6ed	Meekstone
6ed	Millstone
6ed	Ardent Militia
6ed	Longbow Archer
6ed	Moss Diamond
6ed	Mystic Compass
6ed	Obsianus Golem
6ed	Ornithopter
6ed	Patagia Golem
6ed	Pentagram of the Ages
6ed	Phyrexian Vault
6ed	Primal Clay
6ed	Rod of Ruin
6ed	Skull Catapult
6ed	Mesa Falcon
6ed	Sky Diamond
6ed	Snake Basket
6ed	Soul Net
6ed	Storm Cauldron
6ed	Teferi's Puzzle Box
6ed	The Hive
6ed	Throne of Bone
6ed	Wand of Denial
6ed	Wooden Sphere
6ed	Adarkar Wastes
6ed	Order of the Sacred Torch
6ed	Brushland
6ed	City of Brass
6ed	Crystal Vein
6ed	Dwarven Ruins
6ed	Ebon Stronghold
6ed	Havenwood Battleground
6ed	Karplusan Forest
6ed	Ruins of Trokair
6ed	Sulfurous Springs
6ed	Svyelunite Temple
6ed	Pacifism
6ed	Underground River
6ed	Plains
6ed	Plains
6ed	Plains
6ed	Plains
6ed	Island
6ed	Island
6ed	Island
6ed	Island
6ed	Swamp
6ed	Pearl Dragon
6ed	Swamp
6ed	Swamp
6ed	Swamp
6ed	Mountain
6ed	Mountain
6ed	Mountain
6ed	Mountain
6ed	Forest
6ed	Forest
6ed	Forest
6ed	Regal Unicorn
6ed	Forest
6ed	Remedy
6ed	Reprisal
6ed	Resistance Fighter
6ed	Reverse Damage
6ed	Armageddon
6ed	Samite Healer
6ed	Serenity
6ed	Serra's Blessing
6ed	Spirit Link
6ed	Standing Troops
6ed	Staunch Defenders
6ed	Sunweb
6ed	Tariff
6ed	Tundra Wolves
6ed	Unyaro Griffin
6ed	Armored Pegasus
6ed	Venerable Monk
6ed	Wall of Swords
6ed	Warmth
6ed	Warrior's Honor
6ed	Wrath of God
6ed	Abduction
6ed	Air Elemental
6ed	Ancestral Memories
6ed	Boomerang
6ed	Browse
6ed	Castle
6ed	Chill
6ed	Counterspell
6ed	Daring Apprentice
6ed	Deflection
6ed	Desertion
6ed	Diminishing Returns
6ed	Dream Cache
6ed	Flash
6ed	Flight
6ed	Fog Elemental
6ed	Celestial Dawn
6ed	Forget
6ed	Gaseous Form
6ed	Glacial Wall
6ed	Harmattan Efreet
6ed	Horned Turtle
6ed	Insight
6ed	Inspiration
6ed	Juxtapose
6ed	Library of Lat-Nam
6ed	Lord of Atlantis
6ed	Circle of Protection: Black
6ed	Mana Short
6ed	Memory Lapse
6ed	Merfolk of the Pearl Trident
6ed	Mystical Tutor
6ed	Phantasmal Terrain
6ed	Phantom Warrior
6ed	Polymorph
6ed	Power Sink
6ed	Prodigal Sorcerer
6ed	Prosperity
6ed	Circle of Protection: Blue
6ed	Psychic Transfer
6ed	Psychic Venom
6ed	Recall
6ed	Relearn
6ed	Remove Soul
6ed	Sage Owl
6ed	Sea Monster
6ed	Segovian Leviathan
6ed	Sibilant Spirit
6ed	Soldevi Sage
csp	Adarkar Valkyrie
csp	Kjeldoran Gargoyle
csp	Thermopod
csp	Allosaurus Rider
csp	Arctic Nishoba
csp	Aurochs Herd
csp	Boreal Centaur
csp	Boreal Druid
csp	Brooding Saurian
csp	Bull Aurochs
csp	Freyalise's Radiance
csp	Frostweb Spider
csp	Kjeldoran Javelineer
csp	Hibernation's End
csp	Into the North
csp	Karplusan Strider
csp	Martyr of Spores
csp	Mystic Melting
csp	Ohran Viper
csp	Panglacial Wurm
csp	Resize
csp	Rimehorn Aurochs
csp	Ronom Hulk
csp	Kjeldoran Outrider
csp	Shape of the Wiitigo
csp	Sheltering Ancient
csp	Simian Brawler
csp	Sound the Call
csp	Steam Spitter
csp	Surging Might
csp	Blizzard Specter
csp	Deepfire Elemental
csp	Diamond Faerie
csp	Garza Zol, Plague Queen
csp	Kjeldoran War Cry
csp	Juniper Order Ranger
csp	Sek'Kuar, Deathkeeper
csp	Tamanoa
csp	Vanish into Memory
csp	Wilderness Elemental
csp	Zur the Enchanter
csp	Coldsteel Heart
csp	Jester's Scepter
csp	Mishra's Bauble
csp	Phyrexian Ironfoot
csp	Luminesce
csp	Phyrexian Snowcrusher
csp	Phyrexian Soulgorger
csp	Thrumming Stone
csp	Arctic Flats
csp	Boreal Shelf
csp	Dark Depths
csp	Frost Marsh
csp	Highland Weald
csp	Mouth of Ronom
csp	Scrying Sheets
csp	Martyr of Sands
csp	Tresserhorn Sinks
csp	Snow-Covered Plains
csp	Snow-Covered Island
csp	Snow-Covered Swamp
csp	Snow-Covered Mountain
csp	Snow-Covered Forest
csp	Ronom Unicorn
csp	Squall Drifter
csp	Sun's Bounty
csp	Sunscour
csp	Boreal Griffin
csp	Surging Sentinels
csp	Swift Maneuver
csp	Ursine Fylgja
csp	Wall of Shards
csp	White Shield Crusader
csp	Woolly Razorback
csp	Adarkar Windform
csp	Arcum Dagsson
csp	Balduvian Frostwaker
csp	Commandeer
csp	Cover of Winter
csp	Controvert
csp	Counterbalance
csp	Drelnoch
csp	Flashfreeze
csp	Frost Raptor
csp	Frozen Solid
csp	Heidar, Rimewind Master
csp	Jokulmorder
csp	Krovikan Mist
csp	Krovikan Whispers
csp	Darien, King of Kjeldor
csp	Martyr of Frost
csp	Perilous Research
csp	Rimefeather Owl
csp	Rimewind Cryomancer
csp	Rimewind Taskmage
csp	Ronom Serpent
csp	Rune Snag
csp	Surging Aether
csp	Survivor of the Unseen
csp	Thermal Flux
csp	Field Marshal
csp	Vexing Sphinx
csp	Balduvian Fallen
csp	Chill to the Bone
csp	Chilling Shade
csp	Deathmark
csp	Disciple of Tevesh Szat
csp	Feast of Flesh
csp	Garza's Assassin
csp	Grim Harvest
csp	Gristle Grinner
csp	Gelid Shackles
csp	Gutless Ghoul
csp	Haakon, Stromgald Scourge
csp	Herald of Leshrac
csp	Krovikan Rot
csp	Krovikan Scoundrel
csp	Martyr of Bones
csp	Phobian Phantasm
csp	Phyrexian Etchings
csp	Rime Transfusion
csp	Rimebound Dead
csp	Glacial Plating
csp	Soul Spike
csp	Stromgald Crusader
csp	Surging Dementia
csp	Tresserhorn Skyknight
csp	Void Maw
csp	Zombie Musher
csp	Balduvian Rage
csp	Balduvian Warlord
csp	Braid of Fire
csp	Cryoclasm
csp	Jötun Grunt
csp	Earthen Goo
csp	Fury of the Horde
csp	Goblin Furrier
csp	Goblin Rimerunner
csp	Greater Stone Spirit
csp	Icefall
csp	Karplusan Minotaur
csp	Karplusan Wolverine
csp	Lightning Serpent
csp	Lightning Storm
csp	Jötun Owl Keeper
csp	Lovisa Coldeyes
csp	Magmatic Core
csp	Martyr of Ashes
csp	Ohran Yeti
csp	Orcish Bloodpainter
csp	Rimescale Dragon
csp	Rite of Flame
csp	Skred
csp	Stalking Yeti
csp	Surging Flame
c13	Act of Authority
c13	Eternal Dragon
c13	Wight of Precinct Six
c13	Blood Rites
c13	Capricious Efreet
c13	Charmbreaker Devils
c13	Crater Hellion
c13	Curse of Chaos
c13	Fireball
c13	Fissure Vent
c13	From the Ashes
c13	Furnace Celebration
c13	Fiend Hunter
c13	Goblin Bombardment
c13	Goblin Sharpshooter
c13	Guttersnipe
c13	Incendiary Command
c13	Inferno Titan
c13	Magus of the Arena
c13	Mass Mutiny
c13	Molten Disaster
c13	Slice and Dice
c13	Flickerform
c13	Spitebellows
c13	Stalking Vengeance
c13	Starstorm
c13	Street Spasm
c13	Sudden Demise
c13	Tempt with Vengeance
c13	Terra Ravager
c13	Tooth and Claw
c13	War Cadence
c13	Warstorm Surge
c13	Flickerwisp
c13	Where Ancients Tread
c13	Widespread Panic
c13	Wild Ricochet
c13	Witch Hunt
c13	Acidic Slime
c13	Avenger of Zendikar
c13	Baloth Woodcrasher
c13	Bane of Progress
c13	Brooding Saurian
c13	Cultivate
c13	Karmic Guide
c13	Curse of Predation
c13	Deadwood Treefolk
c13	Drumhunter
c13	Elvish Skysweeper
c13	Farhaven Elf
c13	Fecundity
c13	Foster
c13	Grazing Gladehart
c13	Harmonize
c13	Hua Tuo, Honored Physician
c13	Kirtar's Wrath
c13	Hunted Troll
c13	Jade Mage
c13	Kazandu Tuskcaller
c13	Krosan Grip
c13	Krosan Tusker
c13	Krosan Warchief
c13	Mold Shambler
c13	Naya Soulbeast
c13	Night Soil
c13	One Dozen Eyes
c13	Kongming, "Sleeping Dragon"
c13	Phantom Nantuko
c13	Presence of Gond
c13	Primal Vigor
c13	Rain of Thorns
c13	Rampaging Baloths
c13	Ravenous Baloth
c13	Reincarnation
c13	Restore
c13	Sakura-Tribe Elder
c13	Silklash Spider
c13	Mirror Entity
c13	Slice in Twain
c13	Spawning Grounds
c13	Spoils of Victory
c13	Sprouting Vines
c13	Tempt with Discovery
c13	Walker of the Grove
c13	Aethermage's Touch
c13	Baleful Strix
c13	Behemoth Sledge
c13	Boros Charm
c13	Mystic Barrier
c13	Charnelhoard Wurm
c13	Crosis's Charm
c13	Cruel Ultimatum
c13	Death Grasp
c13	Deathbringer Thoctar
c13	Deepfire Elemental
c13	Derevi, Empyrial Tactician
c13	Dromar's Charm
c13	Fiery Justice
c13	Filigree Angel
c13	Razor Hippogriff
c13	Fires of Yavimaya
c13	Gahiji, Honored One
c13	Grixis Charm
c13	Hull Breach
c13	Jeleva, Nephalia's Scourge
c13	Jund Charm
c13	Leafdrake Roost
c13	Lim-Dûl's Vault
c13	Marath, Will of the Wild
c13	Mayael the Anima
c13	Aerie Mystics
c13	Serene Master
c13	Naya Charm
c13	Nekusar, the Mindrazer
c13	Nivix Guildmage
c13	Oloro, Ageless Ascetic
c13	Prossh, Skyraider of Kher
c13	Rakeclaw Gargantuan
c13	Roon of the Hidden Realm
c13	Rubinia Soulsinger
c13	Savage Twister
c13	Scarland Thrinax
c13	Serra Avatar
c13	Sek'Kuar, Deathkeeper
c13	Selesnya Charm
c13	Sharuum the Hegemon
c13	Shattergang Brothers
c13	Skyward Eye Prophets
c13	Soul Manipulation
c13	Spellbreaker Behemoth
c13	Sphinx of the Steel Wind
c13	Spinal Embrace
c13	Sprouting Thrinax
c13	Stonecloaker
c13	Sydri, Galvanic Genius
c13	Thraximundar
c13	Tidehollow Strix
c13	Tower Gargoyle
c13	Valley Rannet
c13	Vizkopa Guildmage
c13	Winged Coatl
c13	Augury Adept
c13	Divinity of Pride
c13	Golgari Guildmage
c13	Survival Cache
c13	Mistmeadow Witch
c13	Murkfiend Liege
c13	Selesnya Guildmage
c13	Spiteful Visions
c13	Thopter Foundry
c13	Armillary Sphere
c13	Azorius Keyrune
c13	Basalt Monolith
c13	Carnage Altar
c13	Conjurer's Closet
c13	Tempt with Glory
c13	Crawlspace
c13	Darksteel Ingot
c13	Druidic Satchel
c13	Eye of Doom
c13	Jar of Eyeballs
c13	Leonin Bladetrap
c13	Mirari
c13	Myr Battlesphere
c13	Nevinyrral's Disk
c13	Nihil Spellbomb
c13	Unexpectedly Absent
c13	Obelisk of Esper
c13	Obelisk of Grixis
c13	Obelisk of Jund
c13	Pilgrim's Eye
c13	Plague Boiler
c13	Pristine Talisman
c13	Seer's Sundial
c13	Selesnya Signet
c13	Simic Signet
c13	Sol Ring
c13	Wall of Reverence
c13	Spine of Ish Sah
c13	Sun Droplet
c13	Surveyor's Scope
c13	Swiftfoot Boots
c13	Sword of the Paruns
c13	Temple Bell
c13	Thousand-Year Elixir
c13	Thunderstaff
c13	Tower of Fortunes
c13	Viseling
c13	Wrath of God
c13	Wayfarer's Bauble
c13	Well of Lost Dreams
c13	Akoum Refuge
c13	Arcane Sanctum
c13	Azorius Chancery
c13	Azorius Guildgate
c13	Bant Panorama
c13	Barren Moor
c13	Bojuka Bog
c13	Boros Garrison
c13	Arcane Denial
c13	Boros Guildgate
c13	Command Tower
c13	Contested Cliffs
c13	Crumbling Necropolis
c13	Dimir Guildgate
c13	Drifting Meadow
c13	Esper Panorama
c13	Evolving Wilds
c13	Faerie Conclave
c13	Forgotten Cave
c13	Arcane Melee
c13	Golgari Guildgate
c13	Golgari Rot Farm
c13	Grim Backwoods
c13	Grixis Panorama
c13	Gruul Guildgate
c13	Homeward Path
c13	Izzet Boilerworks
c13	Izzet Guildgate
c13	Jund Panorama
c13	Jungle Shrine
c13	Ajani's Pridemate
c13	Augur of Bolas
c13	Jwar Isle Refuge
c13	Kazandu Refuge
c13	Khalni Garden
c13	Kher Keep
c13	Llanowar Reborn
c13	Lonely Sandbar
c13	Molten Slagheap
c13	Mosswort Bridge
c13	Naya Panorama
c13	New Benalia
c13	Azami, Lady of Scrolls
c13	Opal Palace
c13	Orzhov Basilica
c13	Orzhov Guildgate
c13	Rakdos Carnarium
c13	Rakdos Guildgate
c13	Rupture Spire
c13	Saltcrusted Steppe
c13	Savage Lands
c13	Seaside Citadel
c13	Secluded Steppe
c13	Blue Sun's Zenith
c13	Sejiri Refuge
c13	Selesnya Guildgate
c13	Selesnya Sanctuary
c13	Simic Guildgate
c13	Slippery Karst
c13	Smoldering Crater
c13	Springjack Pasture
c13	Temple of the False God
c13	Terramorphic Expanse
c13	Tranquil Thicket
c13	Borrowing 100,000 Arrows
c13	Transguild Promenade
c13	Urza's Factory
c13	Vitu-Ghazi, the City-Tree
c13	Vivid Crag
c13	Vivid Creek
c13	Vivid Grove
c13	Vivid Marsh
c13	Plains
c13	Plains
c13	Plains
c13	Brilliant Plan
c13	Plains
c13	Island
c13	Island
c13	Island
c13	Island
c13	Swamp
c13	Swamp
c13	Swamp
c13	Swamp
c13	Mountain
c13	Control Magic
c13	Mountain
c13	Mountain
c13	Mountain
c13	Forest
c13	Forest
c13	Forest
c13	Forest
c13	Curse of Inertia
c13	Deceiver Exarch
c13	Deep Analysis
c13	Dismiss
c13	Angel of Finality
c13	Diviner Spirit
c13	Djinn of Infinite Deceits
c13	Dungeon Geists
c13	Echo Mage
c13	Fog Bank
c13	Guard Gomazoa
c13	Hada Spy Patrol
c13	Illusionist's Gambit
c13	Jace's Archivist
c13	Lu Xun, Scholar General
c13	Archangel
c13	Mnemonic Wall
c13	Opportunity
c13	Order of Succession
c13	Propaganda
c13	Prosperity
c13	Raven Familiar
c13	Sharding Sphinx
c13	Skyscribing
c13	Stormscape Battlemage
c13	Strategic Planning
c13	Azorius Herald
c13	Tempt with Reflections
c13	Thornwind Faeries
c13	Tidal Force
c13	True-Name Nemesis
c13	Uyo, Silent Prophet
c13	Vision Skeins
c13	Wash Out
c13	Wonder
c13	Annihilate
c13	Army of the Damned
c13	Cradle of Vitality
c13	Baleful Force
c13	Curse of Shallow Graves
c13	Decree of Pain
c13	Dirge of Dread
c13	Disciple of Griselbrand
c13	Endless Cockroaches
c13	Endrek Sahr, Master Breeder
c13	Famine
c13	Fell Shepherd
c13	Greed
c13	Curse of the Forsaken
c13	Hooded Horror
c13	Infest
c13	Marrow Bats
c13	Nightscape Familiar
c13	Ophiomancer
c13	Phthisis
c13	Phyrexian Delver
c13	Phyrexian Gargantua
c13	Phyrexian Reclamation
c13	Price of Knowledge
c13	Darksteel Mutation
c13	Quagmire Druid
c13	Reckless Spite
c13	Sanguine Bond
c13	Stronghold Assassin
c13	Sudden Spoiling
c13	Tempt with Immortality
c13	Toxic Deluge
c13	Vampire Nighthawk
c13	Vile Requiem
c13	Viscera Seer
c14	Angel of the Dire Hour
c14	Nahiri, the Lithomancer
c14	Cackling Counterpart
c14	Call to Mind
c14	Compulsive Research
c14	Concentrate
c14	Cyclonic Rift
c14	Deep-Sea Kraken
c14	Dismiss
c14	Distorting Wake
c14	Exclude
c14	Fathom Seer
c14	Aether Gale
c14	Fog Bank
c14	Fool's Demise
c14	Frost Titan
c14	Hoverguard Sweepers
c14	Infinite Reflection
c14	Into the Roil
c14	Ixidron
c14	Lorthos, the Tidemaker
c14	Mulldrifter
c14	Phyrexian Ingester
c14	Breaching Leviathan
c14	Pongify
c14	Riptide Survivor
c14	Rite of Replication
c14	Rush of Knowledge
c14	Sea Gate Oracle
c14	Shaper Parasite
c14	Sphinx of Jwar Isle
c14	Sphinx of Magosi
c14	Sphinx of Uthuun
c14	Stroke of Genius
c14	Domineering Will
c14	Turn to Frog
c14	Willbender
c14	Abyssal Persecutor
c14	Aether Snap
c14	Annihilate
c14	Bad Moon
c14	Black Sun's Zenith
c14	Bloodgift Demon
c14	Butcher of Malakir
c14	Crypt Ghast
c14	Dulcet Sirens
c14	Disciple of Bolas
c14	Drana, Kalastria Bloodchief
c14	Dread Return
c14	Dregs of Sorrow
c14	Evernight Shade
c14	Grave Titan
c14	Gray Merchant of Asphodel
c14	Liliana's Reaver
c14	Magus of the Coffers
c14	Morkrut Banshee
c14	Intellectual Offering
c14	Mutilate
c14	Nantuko Shade
c14	Nekrataal
c14	Pestilence Demon
c14	Phyrexian Gargantua
c14	Pontiff of Blight
c14	Profane Command
c14	Promise of Power
c14	Read the Bones
c14	Reaper from the Abyss
c14	Reef Worm
c14	Shriekmaw
c14	Sign in Blood
c14	Skeletal Scrying
c14	Skirsdag High Priest
c14	Sudden Spoiling
c14	Syphon Mind
c14	Tendrils of Corruption
c14	Tragic Slip
c14	Vampire Hexmage
c14	Victimize
c14	Stitcher Geralf
c14	Xathrid Demon
c14	Beetleback Chief
c14	Blasphemous Act
c14	Bogardan Hellkite
c14	Chaos Warp
c14	Faithless Looting
c14	Flametongue Kavu
c14	Goblin Welder
c14	Hoard-Smelter Dragon
c14	Ingot Chewer
c14	Stormsurge Kraken
c14	Magmaquake
c14	Spitebellows
c14	Starstorm
c14	Tuktuk the Explorer
c14	Whipflare
c14	Word of Seizing
c14	Beastmaster Ascension
c14	Collective Unconscious
c14	Desert Twister
c14	Drove of Elves
c14	Teferi, Temporal Archmage
c14	Elvish Archdruid
c14	Elvish Mystic
c14	Elvish Skysweeper
c14	Elvish Visionary
c14	Essence Warden
c14	Ezuri, Renegade Leader
c14	Farhaven Elf
c14	Fresh Meat
c14	Grim Flowering
c14	Harrow
c14	Angelic Field Marshal
c14	Well of Ideas
c14	Hunting Triad
c14	Immaculate Magistrate
c14	Imperious Perfect
c14	Joraga Warcaller
c14	Llanowar Elves
c14	Lys Alana Huntmaster
c14	Masked Admirers
c14	Overrun
c14	Overwhelming Stampede
c14	Praetor's Counsel
c14	Demon of Wailing Agonies
c14	Priest of Titania
c14	Primordial Sage
c14	Rampaging Baloths
c14	Reclamation Sage
c14	Silklash Spider
c14	Soul of the Harvest
c14	Sylvan Ranger
c14	Sylvan Safekeeper
c14	Terastodon
c14	Thornweald Archer
c14	Flesh Carver
c14	Timberwatch Elf
c14	Titania's Chosen
c14	Tornado Elemental
c14	Wellwisher
c14	Whirlwind
c14	Wolfbriar Elemental
c14	Wood Elves
c14	Wren's Run Packmaster
c14	Argentum Armor
c14	Bonehoard
c14	Ghoulcaller Gisa
c14	Bosh, Iron Golem
c14	Bottle Gnomes
c14	Burnished Hart
c14	Caged Sun
c14	Cathodion
c14	Charcoal Diamond
c14	Dreamstone Hedron
c14	Emerald Medallion
c14	Epochrasite
c14	Everflowing Chalice
c14	Infernal Offering
c14	Fire Diamond
c14	Ichor Wellspring
c14	Jalum Tome
c14	Jet Medallion
c14	Junk Diver
c14	Lashwrithe
c14	Liquimetal Coating
c14	Loxodon Warhammer
c14	Marble Diamond
c14	Mask of Memory
c14	Malicious Affliction
c14	Mind Stone
c14	Moonsilver Spear
c14	Moss Diamond
c14	Mycosynth Wellspring
c14	Myr Battlesphere
c14	Myr Retriever
c14	Myr Sire
c14	Nevinyrral's Disk
c14	Palladium Myr
c14	Panic Spellbomb
c14	Necromantic Selection
c14	Pearl Medallion
c14	Pentavus
c14	Pilgrim's Eye
c14	Predator, Flagship
c14	Pristine Talisman
c14	Ruby Medallion
c14	Sapphire Medallion
c14	Seer's Sundial
c14	Skullclamp
c14	Sky Diamond
c14	Ob Nixilis of the Black Oath
c14	Sol Ring
c14	Solemn Simulacrum
c14	Spine of Ish Sah
c14	Steel Hellkite
c14	Strata Scythe
c14	Swiftfoot Boots
c14	Sword of Vengeance
c14	Thran Dynamo
c14	Tormod's Crypt
c14	Trading Post
c14	Overseer of the Damned
c14	Ur-Golem's Eye
c14	Wayfarer's Bauble
c14	Worn Powerstone
c14	Wurmcoil Engine
c14	Barren Moor
c14	Bojuka Bog
c14	Buried Ruin
c14	Coral Atoll
c14	Crypt of Agadeem
c14	Crystal Vein
c14	Raving Dead
c14	Darksteel Citadel
c14	Dormant Volcano
c14	Drifting Meadow
c14	Emeria, the Sky Ruin
c14	Everglades
c14	Evolving Wilds
c14	Forgotten Cave
c14	Gargoyle Castle
c14	Ghost Quarter
c14	Great Furnace
c14	Benevolent Offering
c14	Spoils of Blood
c14	Haunted Fengraf
c14	Havenwood Battleground
c14	Jungle Basin
c14	Karoo
c14	Lonely Sandbar
c14	Oran-Rief, the Vastwood
c14	Phyrexia's Core
c14	Polluted Mire
c14	Reliquary Tower
c14	Remote Isle
c14	Wake the Dead
c14	Secluded Steppe
c14	Slippery Karst
c14	Smoldering Crater
c14	Tectonic Edge
c14	Temple of the False God
c14	Terramorphic Expanse
c14	Tranquil Thicket
c14	Zoetic Cavern
c14	Plains
c14	Plains
c14	Bitter Feud
c14	Plains
c14	Plains
c14	Island
c14	Island
c14	Island
c14	Island
c14	Swamp
c14	Swamp
c14	Swamp
c14	Swamp
c14	Daretti, Scrap Savant
c14	Mountain
c14	Mountain
c14	Mountain
c14	Mountain
c14	Forest
c14	Forest
c14	Forest
c14	Forest
c14	Dualcaster Mage
c14	Feldon of the Third Path
c14	Impact Resonance
c14	Incite Rebellion
c14	Scrap Mastery
c14	Tyrant's Familiar
c14	Comeuppance
c14	Volcanic Offering
c14	Warmonger Hellkite
c14	Creeperhulk
c14	Freyalise, Llanowar's Fury
c14	Grave Sifter
c14	Lifeblood Hydra
c14	Siege Behemoth
c14	Song of the Dryads
c14	Sylvan Offering
c14	Thunderfoot Baloth
c14	Containment Priest
c14	Titania, Protector of Argoth
c14	Wave of Vitriol
c14	Wolfcaller's Howl
c14	Assault Suit
c14	Commander's Sphere
c14	Crown of Doom
c14	Loreseeker's Stone
c14	Masterwork of Ingenuity
c14	Unstable Obelisk
c14	Arcane Lighthouse
c14	Deploy to the Front
c14	Flamekin Village
c14	Myriad Landscape
c14	Artisan of Kozilek
c14	Adarkar Valkyrie
c14	Afterlife
c14	Armistice
c14	Brave the Elements
c14	Cathars' Crusade
c14	Celestial Crusader
c14	Condemn
c14	Fell the Mighty
c14	Decree of Justice
c14	Flickerwisp
c14	Geist-Honored Monk
c14	Gift of Estates
c14	Grand Abolisher
c14	Kemba, Kha Regent
c14	Kor Sanctifiers
c14	Marshal's Anthem
c14	Martial Coup
c14	Mentor of the Meek
c14	Hallowed Spiritkeeper
c14	Midnight Haunting
c14	Mobilization
c14	Nomads' Assembly
c14	Oblation
c14	Requiem Angel
c14	Return to Dust
c14	Sacred Mesa
c14	Serra Avatar
c14	Silverblade Paladin
c14	Skyhunter Skirmisher
c14	Jazal Goldmane
c14	Spectral Procession
c14	Sun Titan
c14	Sunblast Angel
c14	True Conviction
c14	Twilight Shepherd
c14	White Sun's Zenith
c14	Whitemane Lion
c14	Wing Shards
c14	Azure Mage
c14	Brine Elemental
cm1	Chaos Warp
cm1	Loyal Retainers
cm1	Maelstrom Wanderer
cm1	The Mimeoplasm
cm1	Mind's Eye
cm1	Mirari's Wake
cm1	Rhystic Study
cm1	Scroll Rack
cm1	Sylvan Library
cm1	Vela the Night-Clad
cm1	Command Tower
cm1	Decree of Pain
cm1	Desertion
cm1	Diaochan, Artful Beauty
cm1	Dragonlair Spider
cm1	Duplicant
cm1	Edric, Spymaster of Trest
cm1	Kaalia of the Vast
con	Aerie Mystics
con	Mark of Asylum
con	Charnelhoard Wurm
con	Child of Alara
con	Conflux
con	Countersquall
con	Elder Mastery
con	Esper Cormorants
con	Exploding Borders
con	Fusion Elemental
con	Giltspire Avenger
con	Goblin Outlander
con	Martial Coup
con	Gwafa Hazid, Profiteer
con	Hellkite Hatchling
con	Jhessian Balmgiver
con	Knight of the Reliquary
con	Knotvine Mystic
con	Maelstrom Archangel
con	Magister Sphinx
con	Malfegor
con	Meglonoth
con	Nacatl Outlander
con	Mirror-Sigil Sergeant
con	Nicol Bolas, Planeswalker
con	Progenitus
con	Rhox Bodyguard
con	Scarland Thrinax
con	Shambling Remains
con	Skyward Eye Prophets
con	Sludge Strider
con	Sphinx Summoner
con	Suicidal Charge
con	Vagrant Plowbeasts
con	Nacatl Hunt-Pride
con	Valeron Outlander
con	Vectis Agents
con	Vedalken Outlander
con	Zombie Outlander
con	Armillary Sphere
con	Bone Saw
con	Font of Mythos
con	Kaleidostone
con	Mana Cylix
con	Manaforce Mace
con	Paragon of the Amesha
con	Obelisk of Alara
con	Ancient Ziggurat
con	Exotic Orchard
con	Reliquary Tower
con	Rupture Spire
con	Unstable Frontier
con	Path to Exile
con	Rhox Meditant
con	Scepter of Dominance
con	Sigil of the Empty Throne
con	Valiant Guard
con	Asha's Favor
con	Wall of Reverence
con	Brackwater Elemental
con	Constricting Tendrils
con	Controlled Instincts
con	Cumber Stone
con	Esperzoa
con	Ethersworn Adjudicator
con	Faerie Mechanist
con	Frontline Sage
con	Grixis Illusionist
con	Aven Squire
con	Inkwell Leviathan
con	Master Transmuter
con	Parasitic Strix
con	Scepter of Insight
con	Scornful Aether-Lich
con	Telemin Performance
con	Traumatic Visions
con	Unsummon
con	View from Above
con	Worldly Counsel
con	Aven Trailblazer
con	Absorb Vis
con	Corrupted Roots
con	Drag Down
con	Dreadwing
con	Extractor Demon
con	Fleshformer
con	Grixis Slavedriver
con	Infectious Horror
con	Kederekt Parasite
con	Nyxathid
con	Celestial Purge
con	Pestilent Kathari
con	Rotting Rats
con	Salvage Slasher
con	Scepter of Fugue
con	Sedraxis Alchemist
con	Voices from the Void
con	Wretched Banquet
con	Yoke of the Damned
con	Banefire
con	Bloodhall Ooze
con	Court Homunculus
con	Canyon Minotaur
con	Dark Temper
con	Dragonsoul Knight
con	Fiery Fall
con	Goblin Razerunners
con	Hellspark Elemental
con	Ignite Disorder
con	Kranioceros
con	Maniacal Rage
con	Molten Frame
con	Darklit Gargoyle
con	Quenchable Fire
con	Rakka Mar
con	Toxic Iguanar
con	Viashino Slaughtermaster
con	Volcanic Fallout
con	Voracious Dragon
con	Wandering Goblins
con	Worldheart Phoenix
con	Beacon Behemoth
con	Cliffrunner Behemoth
con	Gleam of Resistance
con	Cylian Sunsinger
con	Ember Weaver
con	Filigree Fracture
con	Gluttonous Slime
con	Matca Rioters
con	Might of Alara
con	Nacatl Savage
con	Noble Hierarch
con	Paleoloth
con	Sacellum Archers
con	Lapse of Certainty
con	Scattershot Archer
con	Shard Convergence
con	Soul's Majesty
con	Spore Burst
con	Sylvan Bounty
con	Thornling
con	Tukatongue Thallid
con	Wild Leotau
con	Apocalypse Hydra
con	Blood Tyrant
cn2	Adriana's Valor
cn2	Assemble the Rank and Vile
cn2	Echoing Boon
cn2	Emissary's Ploy
cn2	Hired Heist
cn2	Hold the Perimeter
cn2	Hymn of the Wilds
cn2	Incendiary Dissent
cn2	Natural Unity
cn2	Sovereign's Realm
cn2	Summoner's Bond
cn2	Weight Advantage
cn2	Ballot Broker
cn2	Custodi Peacekeeper
cn2	Custodi Soulcaller
cn2	Lieutenants of the Guard
cn2	Noble Banneret
cn2	Palace Jailer
cn2	Palace Sentinels
cn2	Paliano Vanguard
cn2	Protector of the Crown
cn2	Recruiter of the Guard
cn2	Sanctum Prelate
cn2	Spectral Grasp
cn2	Throne Warden
cn2	Wings of the Guard
cn2	Arcane Savant
cn2	Canal Courier
cn2	Coveted Peacock
cn2	Expropriate
cn2	Illusion of Choice
cn2	Illusionary Informant
cn2	Jeering Homunculus
cn2	Keeper of Keys
cn2	Messenger Jays
cn2	Skittering Crustacean
cn2	Spire Phantasm
cn2	Stunt Double
cn2	Archdemon of Paliano
cn2	Capital Punishment
cn2	Custodi Lich
cn2	Deadly Designs
cn2	Garrulous Sycophant
cn2	Marchesa's Decree
cn2	Regicide
cn2	Sinuous Vermin
cn2	Smuggler Captain
cn2	Thorn of the Black Rose
cn2	Besmirch
cn2	Crown-Hunter Hireling
cn2	Deputized Protester
cn2	Garbage Fire
cn2	Goblin Racketeer
cn2	Grenzo, Havoc Raiser
cn2	Grenzo's Ruffians
cn2	Pyretic Hunter
cn2	Skyline Despot
cn2	Subterranean Tremors
cn2	Volatile Chimera
cn2	Animus of Predation
cn2	Borderland Explorer
cn2	Caller of the Untamed
cn2	Domesticated Hydra
cn2	Entourage of Trest
cn2	Fang of the Pack
cn2	Leovold's Operative
cn2	Menagerie Liberator
cn2	Orchard Elemental
cn2	Regal Behemoth
cn2	Selvala, Heart of the Wilds
cn2	Selvala's Stampede
cn2	Splitting Slime
cn2	Adriana, Captain of the Guard
cn2	Daretti, Ingenious Iconoclast
cn2	Kaya, Ghost Assassin
cn2	Knights of the Black Rose
cn2	Leovold, Emissary of Trest
cn2	Queen Marchesa
cn2	Spy Kit
cn2	Throne of the High City
cn2	Affa Guard Hound
cn2	Disenchant
cn2	Doomed Traveler
cn2	Faith's Reward
cn2	Ghostly Possession
cn2	Ghostly Prison
cn2	Gleam of Resistance
cn2	Gods Willing
cn2	Guardian of the Gateless
cn2	Hail of Arrows
cn2	Hallowed Burial
cn2	Hollowhenge Spirit
cn2	Hundred-Handed One
cn2	Kill Shot
cn2	Pariah
cn2	Raise the Alarm
cn2	Reviving Dose
cn2	Spirit of the Hearth
cn2	Wild Griffin
cn2	Windborne Charge
cn2	Zealous Strike
cn2	Bonds of Quicksilver
cn2	Caller of Gales
cn2	Cloaked Siren
cn2	Covenant of Minds
cn2	Deceiver Exarch
cn2	Desertion
cn2	Dismiss
cn2	Divination
cn2	Fleeting Distraction
cn2	Followed Footsteps
cn2	Into the Void
cn2	Kami of the Crescent Moon
cn2	Merfolk Looter
cn2	Merfolk Skyscout
cn2	Mnemonic Wall
cn2	Negate
cn2	Omenspeaker
cn2	Repulse
cn2	Serum Visions
cn2	Show and Tell
cn2	Sphinx of Magosi
cn2	Traumatic Visions
cn2	Vaporkin
cn2	Vertigo Spawn
cn2	Absorb Vis
cn2	Altar's Reap
cn2	Avatar of Woe
cn2	Blood-Toll Harpy
cn2	Child of Night
cn2	Death Wind
cn2	Diabolic Tutor
cn2	Driver of the Dead
cn2	Farbog Boneflinger
cn2	Festergloom
cn2	Fleshbag Marauder
cn2	Guul Draz Specter
cn2	Harvester of Souls
cn2	Infest
cn2	Inquisition of Kozilek
cn2	Keepsake Gorgon
cn2	Mausoleum Turnkey
cn2	Murder
cn2	Phyrexian Arena
cn2	Public Execution
cn2	Raise Dead
cn2	Sangromancer
cn2	Shambling Goblin
cn2	Stromkirk Patrol
cn2	Unnerve
cn2	Burn Away
cn2	Burning Wish
cn2	Charmbreaker Devils
cn2	Coordinated Assault
cn2	Ember Beast
cn2	Fiery Fall
cn2	Flame Slash
cn2	Gang of Devils
cn2	Goblin Balloon Brigade
cn2	Goblin Tunneler
cn2	Gratuitous Violence
cn2	Guttersnipe
cn2	Hamletback Goliath
cn2	Havengul Vampire
cn2	Hurly-Burly
cn2	Ill-Tempered Cyclops
cn2	Kiln Fiend
cn2	Ogre Sentry
cn2	Stoneshock Giant
cn2	Sulfurous Blast
cn2	Tormenting Voice
cn2	Trumpet Blast
cn2	Twin Bolt
cn2	Beast Within
cn2	Berserk
cn2	Birds of Paradise
cn2	Brushstrider
cn2	Burgeoning
cn2	Copperhorn Scout
cn2	Explosive Vegetation
cn2	Fade into Antiquity
cn2	Forgotten Ancient
cn2	Irresistible Prey
cn2	Lace with Moonglove
cn2	Lay of the Land
cn2	Manaplasm
cn2	Nessian Asp
cn2	Netcaster Spider
cn2	Overrun
cn2	Plummet
cn2	Prey Upon
cn2	Ravenous Leucrocota
cn2	Strength in Numbers
cn2	Sylvan Bounty
cn2	Voyaging Satyr
cn2	Wild Pair
cn2	Akroan Hoplite
cn2	Ascended Lawmage
cn2	Carnage Gladiator
cn2	Coiling Oracle
cn2	Dragonlair Spider
cn2	Duskmantle Seer
cn2	Gruul War Chant
cn2	Juniper Order Ranger
cn2	Pharika's Mender
cn2	Shipwreck Singer
cn2	Stormchaser Chimera
cn2	Bronze Sable
cn2	Hedron Matrix
cn2	Hexplate Golem
cn2	Horn of Greed
cn2	Kitesail
cn2	Opaline Unicorn
cn2	Platinum Angel
cn2	Psychosis Crawler
cn2	Runed Servitor
cn2	Dread Statuary
cn2	Evolving Wilds
cn2	Exotic Orchard
cn2	Rogue's Passage
cn2	Shimmering Grotto
dka	Archangel's Light
dka	Hollowhenge Spirit
dka	Nearheath Stalker
dka	Pyreheart Wolf
dka	Russet Wolves
dka	Scorch the Fields
dka	Shattered Perception
dka	Talons of Falkenrath
dka	Torch Fiend
dka	Wrack with Madness
dka	Briarpack Alpha
dka	Clinging Mists
dka	Increasing Devotion
dka	Crushing Vines
dka	Dawntreader Elk
dka	Deranged Outcast
dka	Favor of the Woods
dka	Feed the Pack
dka	Ghoultree
dka	Gravetiller Wurm
dka	Grim Flowering
dka	Hollowhenge Beast
dka	Hunger of the Howlpack
dka	Lingering Souls
dka	Increasing Savagery
dka	Kessig Recluse
dka	Lambholt Elder
dka	Silverpelt Werewolf
dka	Lost in the Woods
dka	Predator Ooze
dka	Scorned Villager
dka	Moonscarred Werewolf
dka	Somberwald Dryad
dka	Strangleroot Geist
dka	Tracker's Instincts
dka	Ulvenwald Bear
dka	Village Survivors
dka	Vorapede
dka	Wild Hunger
dka	Wolfbitten Captive
dka	Krallenhorde Killer
dka	Young Wolf
dka	Diregraf Captain
dka	Drogskol Captain
dka	Drogskol Reaver
dka	Falkenrath Aristocrat
dka	Havengul Lich
dka	Loyal Cathar
dka	Unhallowed Cathar
dka	Midnight Guard
dka	Huntmaster of the Fells
dka	Ravager of the Fells
dka	Immerwolf
dka	Sorin, Lord of Innistrad
dka	Stromkirk Captain
dka	Altar of the Lost
dka	Avacyn's Collar
dka	Chalice of Life
dka	Chalice of Death
dka	Elbrus, the Binding Blade
dka	Withengar Unbound
dka	Executioner's Hood
dka	Grafdigger's Cage
dka	Niblis of the Mist
dka	Heavy Mattock
dka	Helvault
dka	Jar of Eyeballs
dka	Warden of the Wall
dka	Wolfhunter's Quiver
dka	Evolving Wilds
dka	Grim Backwoods
dka	Haunted Fengraf
dka	Vault of the Archangel
dka	Niblis of the Urn
dka	Ray of Revelation
dka	Requiem Angel
dka	Sanctuary Cat
dka	Bar the Door
dka	Séance
dka	Silverclaw Griffin
dka	Skillful Lunge
dka	Sudden Disappearance
dka	Thalia, Guardian of Thraben
dka	Thraben Doomsayer
dka	Thraben Heretic
dka	Artful Dodge
dka	Beguiler of Wills
dka	Bone to Ash
dka	Break of Day
dka	Call to the Kindred
dka	Chant of the Skifsang
dka	Chill of Foreboding
dka	Counterlash
dka	Curse of Echoes
dka	Divination
dka	Dungeon Geists
dka	Geralf's Mindcrusher
dka	Griptide
dka	Havengul Runebinder
dka	Burden of Guilt
dka	Headless Skaab
dka	Increasing Confusion
dka	Mystic Retrieval
dka	Nephalia Seakite
dka	Niblis of the Breath
dka	Relentless Skaabs
dka	Saving Grasp
dka	Screeching Skaab
dka	Secrets of the Dead
dka	Shriekgeist
dka	Curse of Exhaustion
dka	Soul Seizer
dka	Ghastly Haunting
dka	Stormbound Geist
dka	Thought Scour
dka	Tower Geist
dka	Black Cat
dka	Chosen of Markov
dka	Markov's Servant
dka	Curse of Misfortunes
dka	Curse of Thirst
dka	Deadly Allure
dka	Death's Caress
dka	Elgaud Inquisitor
dka	Falkenrath Torturer
dka	Farbog Boneflinger
dka	Fiend of the Shadows
dka	Geralf's Messenger
dka	Gravecrawler
dka	Gravepurge
dka	Gruesome Discovery
dka	Harrowing Journey
dka	Highborn Ghoul
dka	Increasing Ambition
dka	Faith's Shield
dka	Mikaeus, the Unhallowed
dka	Ravenous Demon
dka	Archdemon of Greed
dka	Reap the Seagraf
dka	Sightless Ghoul
dka	Skirsdag Flayer
dka	Spiteful Shadows
dka	Tragic Slip
dka	Undying Evil
dka	Vengeful Vampire
dka	Wakedancer
dka	Gather the Townsfolk
dka	Zombie Apocalypse
dka	Afflicted Deserter
dka	Werewolf Ransacker
dka	Alpha Brawl
dka	Blood Feud
dka	Burning Oil
dka	Curse of Bloodletting
dka	Erdwal Ripper
dka	Faithless Looting
dka	Fires of Undeath
dka	Flayer of the Hatebound
dka	Gavony Ironwright
dka	Fling
dka	Forge Devil
dka	Heckling Fiends
dka	Hellrider
dka	Hinterland Hermit
dka	Hinterland Scourge
dka	Increasing Vengeance
dka	Markov Blademaster
dka	Markov Warlord
dka	Mondronen Shaman
dka	Tovolar's Magehunter
dka	Moonveil Dragon
dst	Auriok Glaivemaster
dst	Pteron Ghost
dst	Arcbound Ravager
dst	Arcbound Reclaimer
dst	Arcbound Slith
dst	Arcbound Stinger
dst	Arcbound Worker
dst	Auriok Siege Sled
dst	Chimeric Egg
dst	Coretapper
dst	Darksteel Brute
dst	Darksteel Colossus
dst	Pulse of the Fields
dst	Darksteel Forge
dst	Darksteel Gargoyle
dst	Darksteel Ingot
dst	Darksteel Pendant
dst	Darksteel Reactor
dst	Death-Mask Duplicant
dst	Demon's Horn
dst	Dragon's Claw
dst	Drill-Skimmer
dst	Dross Golem
dst	Purge
dst	Eater of Days
dst	Gemini Engine
dst	Genesis Chamber
dst	Geth's Grimoire
dst	Heartseeker
dst	Juggernaut
dst	Kraken's Eye
dst	Leonin Bola
dst	Lich's Tomb
dst	Memnarch
dst	Ritual of Restoration
dst	Mycosynth Lattice
dst	Myr Landshaper
dst	Myr Matrix
dst	Myr Moonvessel
dst	Nemesis Mask
dst	Oxidda Golem
dst	Panoptic Mirror
dst	Razor Golem
dst	Serum Powder
dst	Shield of Kaldra
dst	Soulscour
dst	Skullclamp
dst	Spawning Pit
dst	Specter's Shroud
dst	Spellbinder
dst	Spincrusher
dst	Spire Golem
dst	Sundering Titan
dst	Surestrike Trident
dst	Sword of Fire and Ice
dst	Sword of Light and Shadow
dst	Steelshaper Apprentice
dst	Talon of Pain
dst	Tangle Golem
dst	Thought Dissector
dst	Thunderstaff
dst	Trinisphere
dst	Ur-Golem's Eye
dst	Voltaic Construct
dst	Vulshok Morningstar
dst	Wand of the Elements
dst	Well of Lost Dreams
dst	Stir the Pride
dst	Whispersilk Cloak
dst	Wirefly Hive
dst	Wurm's Tooth
dst	Blinkmoth Nexus
dst	Darksteel Citadel
dst	Mirrodin's Core
dst	Test of Faith
dst	Turn the Tables
dst	Carry Away
dst	Echoing Calm
dst	Chromescale Drake
dst	Echoing Truth
dst	Hoverguard Observer
dst	Last Word
dst	Machinate
dst	Magnetic Flux
dst	Neurok Prodigy
dst	Neurok Transmuter
dst	Psychic Overload
dst	Pulse of the Grid
dst	Emissary of Hope
dst	Quicksilver Behemoth
dst	Reshape
dst	Retract
dst	Second Sight
dst	Synod Artificer
dst	Vedalken Engineer
dst	Vex
dst	Aether Snap
dst	Burden of Greed
dst	Chittering Rats
dst	Hallow
dst	Death Cloud
dst	Echoing Decay
dst	Emissary of Despair
dst	Essence Drain
dst	Greater Harvester
dst	Grimclaw Bats
dst	Hunger of the Nim
dst	Mephitic Ooze
dst	Murderous Spoils
dst	Nim Abomination
dst	Leonin Battlemage
dst	Pulse of the Dross
dst	Scavenging Scarab
dst	Screams from Within
dst	Scrounge
dst	Shriveling Rot
dst	Barbed Lightning
dst	Crazed Goblin
dst	Dismantle
dst	Drooling Ogre
dst	Echoing Ruin
dst	Leonin Shikari
dst	Fireball
dst	Flamebreak
dst	Furnace Dragon
dst	Goblin Archaeologist
dst	Inflame
dst	Krark-Clan Stoker
dst	Pulse of the Forge
dst	Savage Beating
dst	Shunt
dst	Slobad, Goblin Tinkerer
dst	Loxodon Mystic
dst	Tears of Rage
dst	Unforge
dst	Vulshok War Boar
dst	Ageless Entity
dst	Echoing Courage
dst	Fangren Firstborn
dst	Infested Roothold
dst	Karstoderm
dst	Nourish
dst	Oxidize
dst	Metal Fatigue
dst	Pulse of the Tangle
dst	Reap and Sow
dst	Rebuking Ceremony
dst	Roaring Slagwurm
dst	Stand Together
dst	Tangle Spider
dst	Tanglewalker
dst	Tel-Jilad Outrider
dst	Tel-Jilad Wolf
dst	Viridian Acolyte
dst	Pristine Angel
dst	Viridian Zealot
dst	Aether Vial
dst	Angel's Feather
dst	Arcane Spyglass
dst	Arcbound Bruiser
dst	Arcbound Crusher
dst	Arcbound Fiend
dst	Arcbound Hybrid
dst	Arcbound Lancer
dst	Arcbound Overseer
dis	Aurora Eidolon
dis	Guardian of the Guildpact
dis	Verdant Eidolon
dis	Aethermage's Touch
dis	Anthem of Rakdos
dis	Assault Zeppelid
dis	Azorius Aethermage
dis	Azorius First-Wing
dis	Azorius Ploy
dis	Coiling Oracle
dis	Cytoshape
dis	Dread Slag
dis	Haazda Exonerator
dis	Experiment Kraj
dis	Gobhobbler Rats
dis	Grand Arbiter Augustin IV
dis	Hellhole Rats
dis	Isperia the Inscrutable
dis	Jagged Poppet
dis	Leafdrake Roost
dis	Lyzolda, the Blood Witch
dis	Momir Vig, Simic Visionary
dis	Omnibian
dis	Haazda Shield Mate
dis	Overrule
dis	Pain Magnification
dis	Palliation Accord
dis	Plaxcaster Frogling
dis	Plumes of Peace
dis	Pride of the Clouds
dis	Rain of Gore
dis	Rakdos Augermage
dis	Rakdos Ickspitter
dis	Rakdos the Defiler
dis	Mistral Charger
dis	Simic Sky Swallower
dis	Sky Hussar
dis	Swift Silence
dis	Trygon Predator
dis	Twinstrike
dis	Vigean Hydropon
dis	Vigean Intuition
dis	Voidslime
dis	Windreaver
dis	Wrecking Ball
dis	Paladin of Prahv
dis	Avatar of Discord
dis	Azorius Guildmage
dis	Biomantic Mastery
dis	Dovescape
dis	Minister of Impediments
dis	Rakdos Guildmage
dis	Riot Spikes
dis	Shielding Plax
dis	Simic Guildmage
dis	Bound
dis	Determined
dis	Proclamation of Rebirth
dis	Crime
dis	Punishment
dis	Hide
dis	Seek
dis	Hit
dis	Run
dis	Odds
dis	Ends
dis	Pure
dis	Simple
dis	Research
dis	Development
dis	Rise
dis	Fall
dis	Supply
dis	Demand
dis	Trial
dis	Error
dis	Azorius Signet
dis	Proper Burial
dis	Bronze Bombshell
dis	Evolution Vat
dis	Magewright's Stone
dis	Muse Vessel
dis	Rakdos Riteknife
dis	Rakdos Signet
dis	Simic Signet
dis	Skullmead Cauldron
dis	Transguild Courier
dis	Walking Archive
dis	Soulsworn Jury
dis	Azorius Chancery
dis	Blood Crypt
dis	Breeding Pool
dis	Ghost Quarter
dis	Hallowed Fountain
dis	Novijen, Heart of Progress
dis	Pillar of the Paruns
dis	Prahv, Spires of Order
dis	Rakdos Carnarium
dis	Rix Maadi, Dungeon Palace
dis	Steeling Stance
dis	Simic Growth Chamber
dis	Stoic Ephemera
dis	Azorius Herald
dis	Valor Made Real
dis	Wakestone Gargoyle
dis	Court Hussar
dis	Cytoplast Manipulator
dis	Enigma Eidolon
dis	Govern the Guildless
dis	Helium Squirter
dis	Novijen Sages
dis	Ocular Halo
dis	Plaxmanta
dis	Beacon Hawk
dis	Psychic Possession
dis	Silkwing Scout
dis	Skyscribing
dis	Spell Snare
dis	Tidespout Tyrant
dis	Vigean Graftmage
dis	Vision Skeins
dis	Writ of Passage
dis	Bond of Agony
dis	Brain Pry
dis	Blessing of the Nephilim
dis	Crypt Champion
dis	Delirium Skeins
dis	Demon's Jester
dis	Drekavac
dis	Enemy of the Guildpact
dis	Entropic Eidolon
dis	Infernal Tutor
dis	Macabre Waltz
dis	Nettling Curse
dis	Nightcreep
dis	Brace for Impact
dis	Nihilistic Glee
dis	Ragamuffyn
dis	Ratcatcher
dis	Seal of Doom
dis	Slaughterhouse Bouncer
dis	Slithering Shade
dis	Unliving Psychopath
dis	Vesper Ghoul
dis	Wit's End
dis	Cackling Flames
dis	Carom
dis	Demonfire
dis	Flame-Kin War Scout
dis	Flaring Flame-Kin
dis	Gnat Alley Creeper
dis	Ignorant Bliss
dis	Kill-Suit Cultist
dis	Kindle the Carnage
dis	Ogre Gatecrasher
dis	Psychotic Fury
dis	Rakdos Pit Dragon
dis	Celestial Ancient
dis	Sandstorm Eidolon
dis	Seal of Fire
dis	Squealing Devil
dis	Stalking Vengeance
dis	Stormscale Anarch
dis	Taste for Mayhem
dis	Utvara Scalper
dis	War's Toll
dis	Weight of Spires
dis	Whiptail Moloch
dis	Condemn
dis	Aquastrand Spider
dis	Cytoplast Root-Kin
dis	Cytospawn Shambler
dis	Elemental Resonance
dis	Fertile Imagination
dis	Flash Foliage
dis	Indrik Stomphowler
dis	Loaming Shaman
dis	Might of the Nephilim
dis	Patagia Viper
dis	Freewind Equenaut
dis	Protean Hulk
dis	Simic Basilisk
dis	Simic Initiate
dis	Simic Ragworm
dis	Sporeback Troll
dis	Sprouting Phytohydra
dis	Stomp and Howl
dis	Street Savvy
dis	Thrive
dis	Utopia Sprawl
dgm	Boros Mastiff
dgm	Wake the Reflections
dgm	Savageborn Hydra
dgm	Scab-Clan Giant
dgm	Showstopper
dgm	Sin Collector
dgm	Sire of Insanity
dgm	Species Gorger
dgm	Spike Jester
dgm	Tajic, Blade of the Legion
dgm	Teysa, Envoy of Ghosts
dgm	Tithe Drinker
dgm	Aetherling
dgm	Trostani's Summoner
dgm	Unflinching Courage
dgm	Varolz, the Scar-Striped
dgm	Viashino Firstblade
dgm	Voice of Resurgence
dgm	Vorel of the Hull Clade
dgm	Warleader's Helix
dgm	Warped Physique
dgm	Woodlot Crawler
dgm	Zhur-Taa Ancient
dgm	Hidden Strings
dgm	Zhur-Taa Druid
dgm	Alive
dgm	Well
dgm	Dangerous
dgm	Armed
dgm	Beck
dgm	Call
dgm	Breaking
dgm	Entering
dgm	Catch
dgm	Release
dgm	Dirty
dgm	Down
dgm	Far
dgm	Away
dgm	Flesh
dgm	Blood
dgm	Give
dgm	Take
dgm	Maze Glider
dgm	Profit
dgm	Loss
dgm	Protect
dgm	Serve
dgm	Ready
dgm	Willing
dgm	Trouble
dgm	Toil
dgm	Burn
dgm	Turn
dgm	Tear
dgm	Wear
dgm	Azorius Cluestone
dgm	Boros Cluestone
dgm	Dimir Cluestone
dgm	Golgari Cluestone
dgm	Mindstatic
dgm	Gruul Cluestone
dgm	Izzet Cluestone
dgm	Orzhov Cluestone
dgm	Rakdos Cluestone
dgm	Selesnya Cluestone
dgm	Simic Cluestone
dgm	Azorius Guildgate
dgm	Boros Guildgate
dgm	Dimir Guildgate
dgm	Golgari Guildgate
dgm	Murmuring Phantasm
dgm	Gruul Guildgate
dgm	Izzet Guildgate
dgm	Maze's End
dgm	Orzhov Guildgate
dgm	Rakdos Guildgate
dgm	Selesnya Guildgate
dgm	Simic Guildgate
dgm	Opal Lake Gatekeepers
dgm	Runner's Bane
dgm	Trait Doctoring
dgm	Uncovered Clues
dgm	Haazda Snare Squad
dgm	Wind Drake
dgm	Bane Alley Blackguard
dgm	Blood Scrivener
dgm	Crypt Incursion
dgm	Fatal Fumes
dgm	Hired Torturer
dgm	Maze Abomination
dgm	Pontiff of Blight
dgm	Rakdos Drake
dgm	Sinister Possession
dgm	Lyev Decree
dgm	Ubul Sar Gatekeepers
dgm	Awe for the Guilds
dgm	Clear a Path
dgm	Maze Rusher
dgm	Possibility Storm
dgm	Punish the Enemy
dgm	Pyrewild Shaman
dgm	Riot Piker
dgm	Rubblebelt Maaka
dgm	Smelt-Ward Gatekeepers
dgm	Maze Sentinel
dgm	Weapon Surge
dgm	Battering Krasis
dgm	Kraul Warrior
dgm	Maze Behemoth
dgm	Mending Touch
dgm	Mutant's Prey
dgm	Phytoburst
dgm	Renegade Krasis
dgm	Saruli Gatekeepers
dgm	Skylasher
dgm	Renounce the Guilds
dgm	Thrashing Mossdog
dgm	Advent of the Wurm
dgm	Armored Wolf-Rider
dgm	Ascended Lawmage
dgm	Beetleform Mage
dgm	Blast of Genius
dgm	Blaze Commando
dgm	Blood Baron of Vizkopa
dgm	Boros Battleshaper
dgm	Bred for the Hunt
dgm	Riot Control
dgm	Bronzebeak Moa
dgm	Carnage Gladiator
dgm	Council of the Absolute
dgm	Deadbridge Chant
dgm	Debt to the Deathless
dgm	Deputy of Acquittals
dgm	Dragonshift
dgm	Drown in Filth
dgm	Emmara Tandris
dgm	Exava, Rakdos Blood Witch
dgm	Scion of Vitu-Ghazi
dgm	Feral Animist
dgm	Fluxcharger
dgm	Gaze of Granite
dgm	Gleam of Battle
dgm	Goblin Test Pilot
dgm	Gruul War Chant
dgm	Haunter of Nightveil
dgm	Jelenn Sphinx
dgm	Korozda Gorgon
dgm	Krasis Incubation
dgm	Steeple Roc
dgm	Lavinia of the Tenth
dgm	Legion's Initiative
dgm	Master of Cruelties
dgm	Maw of the Obzedat
dgm	Melek, Izzet Paragon
dgm	Mirko Vosk, Mind Drinker
dgm	Morgue Burst
dgm	Nivix Cyclops
dgm	Notion Thief
dgm	Obzedat's Aid
dgm	Sunspire Gatekeepers
dgm	Pilfered Plans
dgm	Plasm Capture
dgm	Progenitor Mimic
dgm	Putrefy
dgm	Ral Zarek
dgm	Reap Intellect
dgm	Render Silent
dgm	Restore the Peace
dgm	Rot Farm Skeleton
dgm	Ruric Thar, the Unbowed
dtk	Scion of Ugin
dtk	Anafenza, Kin-Tree Spirit
dtk	Arashin Foremost
dtk	Artful Maneuver
dtk	Aven Sunstriker
dtk	Aven Tactician
dtk	Battle Mastery
dtk	Center Soul
dtk	Champion of Arashin
dtk	Dragon Hunter
dtk	Dragon's Eye Sentry
dtk	Dromoka Captain
dtk	Dromoka Dunecaster
dtk	Dromoka Warrior
dtk	Echoes of the Kin Tree
dtk	Enduring Victory
dtk	Fate Forgotten
dtk	Glaring Aegis
dtk	Gleam of Authority
dtk	Graceblade Artisan
dtk	Great Teacher's Decree
dtk	Herald of Dromoka
dtk	Hidden Dragonslayer
dtk	Lightwalker
dtk	Misthoof Kirin
dtk	Myth Realized
dtk	Ojutai Exemplars
dtk	Orator of Ojutai
dtk	Pacifism
dtk	Profound Journey
dtk	Radiant Purge
dtk	Resupply
dtk	Sandcrafter Mage
dtk	Sandstorm Charger
dtk	Scale Blessing
dtk	Secure the Wastes
dtk	Shieldhide Dragon
dtk	Silkwrap
dtk	Strongarm Monk
dtk	Student of Ojutai
dtk	Sunscorch Regent
dtk	Surge of Righteousness
dtk	Territorial Roc
dtk	Ancient Carp
dtk	Anticipate
dtk	Belltoll Dragon
dtk	Blessed Reincarnation
dtk	Clone Legion
dtk	Contradict
dtk	Dance of the Skywise
dtk	Dirgur Nemesis
dtk	Dragonlord's Prerogative
dtk	Elusive Spellfist
dtk	Encase in Ice
dtk	Glint
dtk	Gudul Lurker
dtk	Gurmag Drowner
dtk	Icefall Regent
dtk	Illusory Gains
dtk	Learn from the Past
dtk	Living Lore
dtk	Mirror Mockery
dtk	Monastery Loremaster
dtk	Mystic Meditation
dtk	Negate
dtk	Ojutai Interceptor
dtk	Ojutai's Breath
dtk	Ojutai's Summons
dtk	Palace Familiar
dtk	Profaner of the Dead
dtk	Qarsi Deceiver
dtk	Reduce in Stature
dtk	Shorecrasher Elemental
dtk	Sidisi's Faithful
dtk	Sight Beyond Sight
dtk	Silumgar Sorcerer
dtk	Silumgar Spell-Eater
dtk	Silumgar's Scorn
dtk	Skywise Teachings
dtk	Stratus Dancer
dtk	Taigam's Strike
dtk	Updraft Elemental
dtk	Void Squall
dtk	Youthful Scholar
dtk	Zephyr Scribe
dtk	Acid-Spewer Dragon
dtk	Ambuscade Shaman
dtk	Blood-Chin Fanatic
dtk	Blood-Chin Rager
dtk	Butcher's Glee
dtk	Coat with Venom
dtk	Corpseweft
dtk	Damnable Pact
dtk	Deadly Wanderings
dtk	Death Wind
dtk	Deathbringer Regent
dtk	Defeat
dtk	Duress
dtk	Dutiful Attendant
dtk	Flatten
dtk	Foul Renewal
dtk	Foul-Tongue Invocation
dtk	Foul-Tongue Shriek
dtk	Gravepurge
dtk	Hand of Silumgar
dtk	Hedonist's Trove
dtk	Kolaghan Skirmisher
dtk	Marang River Skeleton
dtk	Marsh Hulk
dtk	Mind Rot
dtk	Minister of Pain
dtk	Pitiless Horde
dtk	Qarsi Sadist
dtk	Rakshasa Gravecaller
dtk	Reckless Imp
dtk	Risen Executioner
dtk	Self-Inflicted Wound
dtk	Shambling Goblin
dtk	Sibsig Icebreakers
dtk	Sidisi, Undead Vizier
dtk	Silumgar Assassin
dtk	Silumgar Butcher
dtk	Ukud Cobra
dtk	Ultimate Price
dtk	Virulent Plague
dtk	Vulturous Aven
dtk	Wandering Tombshell
dtk	Atarka Efreet
dtk	Atarka Pummeler
dtk	Berserkers' Onslaught
dtk	Commune with Lava
dtk	Crater Elemental
dtk	Descent of the Dragons
dtk	Draconic Roar
dtk	Dragon Fodder
dtk	Dragon Tempest
dtk	Dragon Whisperer
dtk	Dragonlord's Servant
dtk	Hardened Berserker
dtk	Impact Tremors
dtk	Ire Shaman
dtk	Kindled Fury
dtk	Kolaghan Aspirant
dtk	Kolaghan Forerunners
dtk	Kolaghan Stormsinger
dtk	Lightning Berserker
dtk	Lose Calm
dtk	Magmatic Chasm
dtk	Qal Sisma Behemoth
dtk	Rending Volley
dtk	Roast
dtk	Sabertooth Outrider
dtk	Sarkhan's Rage
dtk	Sarkhan's Triumph
dtk	Screamreach Brawler
dtk	Seismic Rupture
dtk	Sprinting Warbrute
dtk	Stormcrag Elemental
dtk	Stormwing Dragon
dtk	Summit Prowler
dtk	Tail Slash
dtk	Thunderbreak Regent
dtk	Tormenting Voice
dtk	Twin Bolt
dtk	Vandalize
dtk	Volcanic Rush
dtk	Volcanic Vision
dtk	Warbringer
dtk	Zurgo Bellstriker
dtk	Aerie Bowmasters
dtk	Ainok Artillerist
dtk	Ainok Survivalist
dtk	Assault Formation
dtk	Atarka Beastbreaker
dtk	Avatar of the Resolute
dtk	Circle of Elders
dtk	Collected Company
dtk	Colossodon Yearling
dtk	Conifer Strider
dtk	Deathmist Raptor
dtk	Den Protector
dtk	Display of Dominance
dtk	Dragon-Scarred Bear
dtk	Dromoka's Gift
dtk	Epic Confrontation
dtk	Explosive Vegetation
dtk	Foe-Razer Regent
dtk	Glade Watcher
dtk	Guardian Shield-Bearer
dtk	Herdchaser Dragon
dtk	Inspiring Call
dtk	Lurking Arynx
dtk	Naturalize
dtk	Obscuring Aether
dtk	Pinion Feast
dtk	Press the Advantage
dtk	Revealing Wind
dtk	Salt Road Ambushers
dtk	Salt Road Quartermasters
dtk	Sandsteppe Scavenger
dtk	Scaleguard Sentinels
dtk	Segmented Krotiq
dtk	Servant of the Scale
dtk	Shaman of Forgotten Ways
dtk	Shape the Sands
dtk	Sheltered Aerie
dtk	Sight of the Scalelords
dtk	Stampeding Elk Herd
dtk	Sunbringer's Touch
dtk	Surrak, the Hunt Caller
dtk	Tread Upon
dtk	Arashin Sovereign
dtk	Atarka's Command
dtk	Boltwing Marauder
dtk	Cunning Breezedancer
dtk	Dragonlord Atarka
dtk	Dragonlord Dromoka
dtk	Dragonlord Kolaghan
dtk	Dragonlord Ojutai
dtk	Dragonlord Silumgar
dtk	Dromoka's Command
dtk	Enduring Scalelord
dtk	Harbinger of the Hunt
dtk	Kolaghan's Command
dtk	Narset Transcendent
dtk	Necromaster Dragon
dtk	Ojutai's Command
dtk	Pristine Skywise
dtk	Ruthless Deathfang
dtk	Sarkhan Unbroken
dtk	Savage Ventmaw
dtk	Silumgar's Command
dtk	Swift Warkite
dtk	Ancestral Statue
dtk	Atarka Monument
dtk	Custodian of the Trove
dtk	Dragonloft Idol
dtk	Dromoka Monument
dtk	Gate Smasher
dtk	Keeper of the Lens
dtk	Kolaghan Monument
dtk	Ojutai Monument
dtk	Silumgar Monument
dtk	Spidersilk Net
dtk	Stormrider Rig
dtk	Tapestry of the Ages
dtk	Vial of Dragonfire
dtk	Evolving Wilds
dtk	Haven of the Spirit Dragon
dtk	Plains
dtk	Plains
dtk	Plains
dtk	Island
dtk	Island
dtk	Island
dtk	Swamp
dtk	Swamp
dtk	Swamp
dtk	Mountain
dtk	Mountain
dtk	Mountain
dtk	Forest
dtk	Forest
dtk	Forest
ddh	Ajani Vengeant
ddh	Qasali Pridemage
ddh	Grazing Gladehart
ddh	Fleetfoot Panther
ddh	Woolly Thoctar
ddh	Briarhorn
ddh	Loxodon Hierarch
ddh	Spitemare
ddh	Marisi's Twinclaws
ddh	Ageless Entity
ddh	Pride of Lions
ddh	Kird Ape
ddh	Nacatl Hunt-Pride
ddh	Firemane Angel
ddh	Ajani's Mantra
ddh	Lightning Helix
ddh	Lead the Stampede
ddh	Griffin Guide
ddh	Recumbent Bliss
ddh	Searing Meditation
ddh	Behemoth Sledge
ddh	Naya Charm
ddh	Essence Warden
ddh	Sylvan Bounty
ddh	Titanic Ultimatum
ddh	Evolving Wilds
ddh	Graypelt Refuge
ddh	Jungle Shrine
ddh	Kazandu Refuge
ddh	Sapseep Forest
ddh	Vitu-Ghazi, the City-Tree
ddh	Forest
ddh	Forest
ddh	Wild Nacatl
ddh	Plains
ddh	Mountain
ddh	Nicol Bolas, Planeswalker
ddh	Surveilling Sprite
ddh	Nightscape Familiar
ddh	Slavering Nulls
ddh	Brackwater Elemental
ddh	Morgue Toad
ddh	Hellfire Mongrel
ddh	Dimir Cutpurse
ddh	Loam Lion
ddh	Steamcore Weird
ddh	Moroii
ddh	Blazing Specter
ddh	Fire-Field Ogre
ddh	Shriekmaw
ddh	Ogre Savant
ddh	Jhessian Zombies
ddh	Igneous Pouncer
ddh	Vapor Snag
ddh	Countersquall
ddh	Canyon Wildcat
ddh	Obelisk of Grixis
ddh	Recoil
ddh	Undermine
ddh	Grixis Charm
ddh	Icy Manipulator
ddh	Deep Analysis
ddh	Agonizing Demise
ddh	Slave of Bolas
ddh	Elder Mastery
ddh	Cruel Ultimatum
ddh	Jade Mage
ddh	Profane Command
ddh	Spite
ddh	Malice
ddh	Pain
ddh	Suffering
ddh	Rise
ddh	Fall
ddh	Crumbling Necropolis
ddh	Rupture Spire
ddh	Terramorphic Expanse
ddh	Swamp
ddh	Swamp
ddh	Island
ddh	Sylvan Ranger
ddh	Mountain
ddh	Ajani's Pridemate
evg	Ambush Commander
evg	Lys Alana Huntmaster
evg	Stonewood Invoker
evg	Sylvan Messenger
evg	Timberwatch Elf
evg	Voice of the Woods
evg	Wellwisher
evg	Wirewood Herald
evg	Wirewood Symbiote
evg	Wood Elves
evg	Wren's Run Vanquisher
evg	Allosaurus Rider
evg	Elvish Promenade
evg	Giant Growth
evg	Harmonize
evg	Wildsize
evg	Moonglove Extract
evg	Slate of Ancestry
evg	Wirewood Lodge
evg	Tranquil Thicket
evg	Forest
evg	Forest
evg	Elvish Eulogist
evg	Forest
evg	Forest
evg	Siege-Gang Commander
evg	Akki Coalflinger
evg	Clickslither
evg	Emberwilde Augur
evg	Flamewave Invoker
evg	Gempalm Incinerator
evg	Goblin Cohort
evg	Goblin Matron
evg	Elvish Harbinger
evg	Goblin Ringleader
evg	Goblin Sledder
evg	Goblin Warchief
evg	Ib Halfheart, Goblin Tactician
evg	Mogg Fanatic
evg	Mogg War Marshal
evg	Mudbutton Torchrunner
evg	Raging Goblin
evg	Reckless One
evg	Skirk Drill Sergeant
evg	Elvish Warrior
evg	Skirk Fire Marshal
evg	Skirk Prospector
evg	Skirk Shaman
evg	Tar Pitcher
evg	Boggart Shenanigans
evg	Spitting Earth
evg	Tarfire
evg	Forgotten Cave
evg	Goblin Burrows
evg	Mountain
evg	Gempalm Strider
evg	Mountain
evg	Mountain
evg	Mountain
evg	Heedless One
evg	Imperious Perfect
evg	Llanowar Elves
gvl	Garruk Wildspeaker
gvl	Indrik Stomphowler
gvl	Krosan Tusker
gvl	Plated Slagwurm
gvl	Genju of the Cedars
gvl	Giant Growth
gvl	Rancor
gvl	Lignify
gvl	Nature's Lore
gvl	Elephant Guide
gvl	Invigorate
gvl	Basking Rootwalla
gvl	Serrated Arrows
gvl	Harmonize
gvl	Rude Awakening
gvl	Beast Attack
gvl	Overrun
gvl	Windstorm
gvl	Slippery Karst
gvl	Treetop Village
gvl	Forest
gvl	Forest
gvl	Albino Troll
gvl	Forest
gvl	Forest
gvl	Liliana Vess
gvl	Deathgreeter
gvl	Ghost-Lit Stalker
gvl	Vampire Bats
gvl	Drudge Skeletons
gvl	Ravenous Rats
gvl	Fleshbag Marauder
gvl	Phyrexian Rager
gvl	Vine Trellis
gvl	Urborg Syphon-Mage
gvl	Wall of Bone
gvl	Faerie Macabre
gvl	Howling Banshee
gvl	Keening Banshee
gvl	Twisted Abomination
gvl	Skeletal Vampire
gvl	Genju of the Fens
gvl	Bad Moon
gvl	Sign in Blood
gvl	Wild Mongrel
gvl	Vicious Hunger
gvl	Ichor Slick
gvl	Hideous End
gvl	Snuff Out
gvl	Tendrils of Corruption
gvl	Mutilate
gvl	Rise from the Grave
gvl	Corrupt
gvl	Enslave
gvl	Polluted Mire
gvl	Wirewood Savage
gvl	Swamp
gvl	Swamp
gvl	Swamp
gvl	Swamp
gvl	Blastoderm
gvl	Ravenous Baloth
gvl	Stampeding Wildebeests
dvd	Akroma, Angel of Wrath
dvd	Serra Angel
dvd	Twilight Shepherd
dvd	Luminous Angel
dvd	Reya Dawnbringer
dvd	Healing Salve
dvd	Angelsong
dvd	Otherworldly Journey
dvd	Pacifism
dvd	Serra's Boon
dvd	Angelic Benediction
dvd	Icatian Priest
dvd	Faith's Fetters
dvd	Serra's Embrace
dvd	Righteous Cause
dvd	Angel's Feather
dvd	Marble Diamond
dvd	Secluded Steppe
dvd	Plains
dvd	Plains
dvd	Plains
dvd	Plains
dvd	Angelic Page
dvd	Lord of the Pit
dvd	Abyssal Gatekeeper
dvd	Foul Imp
dvd	Daggerclaw Imp
dvd	Dusk Imp
dvd	Overeager Apprentice
dvd	Stinkweed Imp
dvd	Soot Imp
dvd	Demon's Jester
dvd	Souldrinker
dvd	Charging Paladin
dvd	Abyssal Specter
dvd	Cackling Imp
dvd	Fallen Angel
dvd	Reiver Demon
dvd	Kuro, Pitlord
dvd	Dark Ritual
dvd	Duress
dvd	Unholy Strength
dvd	Cruel Edict
dvd	Demonic Tutor
dvd	Venerable Monk
dvd	Dark Banishing
dvd	Oni Possession
dvd	Barter in Blood
dvd	Breeding Pit
dvd	Promise of Power
dvd	Corrupt
dvd	Consume Spirit
dvd	Demon's Horn
dvd	Barren Moor
dvd	Swamp
dvd	Angelic Protector
dvd	Swamp
dvd	Swamp
dvd	Swamp
dvd	Serra Advocate
dvd	Sustainer of the Realm
dvd	Angel of Mercy
jvc	Jace Beleren
jvc	Fledgling Mawcor
jvc	Waterspout Djinn
jvc	Mulldrifter
jvc	Air Elemental
jvc	Guile
jvc	Riftwing Cloudskate
jvc	Spire Golem
jvc	Aethersnipe
jvc	Brine Elemental
jvc	Quicksilver Dragon
jvc	Martyr of Frost
jvc	Errant Ephemeron
jvc	Ancestral Vision
jvc	Mind Stone
jvc	Daze
jvc	Counterspell
jvc	Repulse
jvc	Fact or Fiction
jvc	Gush
jvc	Condescend
jvc	Terrain Generator
jvc	Fathom Seer
jvc	Island
jvc	Island
jvc	Island
jvc	Island
jvc	Chandra Nalaar
jvc	Flamekin Brawler
jvc	Fireslinger
jvc	Soulbright Flamekin
jvc	Pyre Charger
jvc	Slith Firewalker
jvc	Voidmage Apprentice
jvc	Flamewave Invoker
jvc	Inner-Flame Acolyte
jvc	Flametongue Kavu
jvc	Furnace Whelp
jvc	Rakdos Pit Dragon
jvc	Ingot Chewer
jvc	Oxidda Golem
jvc	Chartooth Cougar
jvc	Hostility
jvc	Firebolt
jvc	Wall of Deceit
jvc	Seal of Fire
jvc	Incinerate
jvc	Magma Jet
jvc	Flame Javelin
jvc	Cone of Flame
jvc	Fireblast
jvc	Fireball
jvc	Demonfire
jvc	Keldon Megaliths
jvc	Mountain
jvc	Willbender
jvc	Mountain
jvc	Mountain
jvc	Mountain
jvc	Bottle Gnomes
jvc	Man-o'-War
jvc	Ophidian
ddc	Akroma, Angel of Wrath
ddc	Serra Angel
ddc	Twilight Shepherd
ddc	Luminous Angel
ddc	Reya Dawnbringer
ddc	Healing Salve
ddc	Angelsong
ddc	Otherworldly Journey
ddc	Pacifism
ddc	Serra's Boon
ddc	Angelic Benediction
ddc	Icatian Priest
ddc	Faith's Fetters
ddc	Serra's Embrace
ddc	Righteous Cause
ddc	Angel's Feather
ddc	Marble Diamond
ddc	Secluded Steppe
ddc	Plains
ddc	Plains
ddc	Plains
ddc	Plains
ddc	Angelic Page
ddc	Lord of the Pit
ddc	Abyssal Gatekeeper
ddc	Foul Imp
ddc	Daggerclaw Imp
ddc	Dusk Imp
ddc	Overeager Apprentice
ddc	Stinkweed Imp
ddc	Soot Imp
ddc	Demon's Jester
ddc	Souldrinker
ddc	Charging Paladin
ddc	Abyssal Specter
ddc	Cackling Imp
ddc	Fallen Angel
ddc	Reiver Demon
ddc	Kuro, Pitlord
ddc	Dark Ritual
ddc	Duress
ddc	Unholy Strength
ddc	Cruel Edict
ddc	Demonic Tutor
ddc	Venerable Monk
ddc	Dark Banishing
ddc	Oni Possession
ddc	Barter in Blood
ddc	Breeding Pit
ddc	Promise of Power
ddc	Corrupt
ddc	Consume Spirit
ddc	Demon's Horn
ddc	Barren Moor
ddc	Swamp
ddc	Angelic Protector
ddc	Swamp
ddc	Swamp
ddc	Swamp
ddc	Serra Advocate
ddc	Sustainer of the Realm
ddc	Angel of Mercy
ddo	Elspeth, Sun's Champion
ddo	Banisher Priest
ddo	Captain of the Watch
ddo	Celestial Flare
ddo	Court Street Denizen
ddo	Dauntless Onslaught
ddo	Decree of Justice
ddo	Dictate of Heliod
ddo	Gempalm Avenger
ddo	Gustcloak Harrier
ddo	Gustcloak Savior
ddo	Gustcloak Sentinel
ddo	Gustcloak Skirmisher
ddo	Icatian Javelineers
ddo	Kinsbaile Skirmisher
ddo	Kor Skyfisher
ddo	Loxodon Partisan
ddo	Mighty Leap
ddo	Mortal's Ardor
ddo	Mother of Runes
ddo	Noble Templar
ddo	Precinct Captain
ddo	Raise the Alarm
ddo	Soul Parry
ddo	Standing Troops
ddo	Sunlance
ddo	Veteran Armorsmith
ddo	Veteran Swordsmith
ddo	Secluded Steppe
ddo	Plains
ddo	Plains
ddo	Plains
ddo	Plains
ddo	Kiora, the Crashing Wave
ddo	Accumulated Knowledge
ddo	Aetherize
ddo	Inkwell Leviathan
ddo	Man-o'-War
ddo	Omenspeaker
ddo	Peel from Reality
ddo	Scourge of Fleets
ddo	Sealock Monster
ddo	Surrakar Banisher
ddo	Whelming Wave
ddo	Explore
ddo	Explosive Vegetation
ddo	Grazing Gladehart
ddo	Nessian Asp
ddo	Netcaster Spider
ddo	Time to Feed
ddo	Coiling Oracle
ddo	Kiora's Follower
ddo	Lorescale Coatl
ddo	Nimbus Swimmer
ddo	Plasm Capture
ddo	Simic Sky Swallower
ddo	Urban Evolution
ddo	Evolving Wilds
ddo	Temple of the False God
ddo	Island
ddo	Island
ddo	Island
ddo	Forest
ddo	Forest
ddo	Forest
ddf	Elspeth, Knight-Errant
ddf	Kor Aeronaut
ddf	Burrenton Bombardier
ddf	Kor Hookmaster
ddf	Kemba's Skyguard
ddf	Celestial Crusader
ddf	Seasoned Marshal
ddf	Conclave Phalanx
ddf	Stormfront Riders
ddf	Catapult Master
ddf	Conclave Equenaut
ddf	Elite Vanguard
ddf	Angel of Salvation
ddf	Sunlance
ddf	Swords to Plowshares
ddf	Journey to Nowhere
ddf	Mighty Leap
ddf	Raise the Alarm
ddf	Razor Barrier
ddf	Crusade
ddf	Blinding Beam
ddf	Abolish
ddf	Goldmeadow Harrier
ddf	Saltblast
ddf	Swell of Courage
ddf	Daru Encampment
ddf	Kabira Crossroads
ddf	Rustic Clachan
ddf	Plains
ddf	Plains
ddf	Plains
ddf	Plains
ddf	Tezzeret the Seeker
ddf	Infantry Veteran
ddf	Arcbound Worker
ddf	Steel Wall
ddf	Runed Servitor
ddf	Silver Myr
ddf	Steel Overseer
ddf	Assembly-Worker
ddf	Serrated Biskelion
ddf	Esperzoa
ddf	Master of Etherium
ddf	Trinket Mage
ddf	Loyal Sentry
ddf	Clockwork Condor
ddf	Frogmite
ddf	Juggernaut
ddf	Synod Centurion
ddf	Faerie Mechanist
ddf	Clockwork Hydra
ddf	Razormane Masticore
ddf	Triskelion
ddf	Pentavus
ddf	Qumulox
ddf	Mosquito Guard
ddf	Everflowing Chalice
ddf	Aether Spellbomb
ddf	Elixir of Immortality
ddf	Contagion Clasp
ddf	Energy Chamber
ddf	Trip Noose
ddf	Echoing Truth
ddf	Moonglove Extract
ddf	Thirst for Knowledge
ddf	Argivian Restoration
ddf	Glory Seeker
ddf	Foil
ddf	Thoughtcast
ddf	Darksteel Citadel
ddf	Mishra's Factory
ddf	Seat of the Synod
ddf	Stalking Stones
ddf	Island
ddf	Island
ddf	Island
ddf	Island
ddf	Kor Skyfisher
ddf	Temple Acolyte
evg	Ambush Commander
evg	Lys Alana Huntmaster
evg	Stonewood Invoker
evg	Sylvan Messenger
evg	Timberwatch Elf
evg	Voice of the Woods
evg	Wellwisher
evg	Wirewood Herald
evg	Wirewood Symbiote
evg	Wood Elves
evg	Wren's Run Vanquisher
evg	Allosaurus Rider
evg	Elvish Promenade
evg	Giant Growth
evg	Harmonize
evg	Wildsize
evg	Moonglove Extract
evg	Slate of Ancestry
evg	Wirewood Lodge
evg	Tranquil Thicket
evg	Forest
evg	Forest
evg	Elvish Eulogist
evg	Forest
evg	Forest
evg	Siege-Gang Commander
evg	Akki Coalflinger
evg	Clickslither
evg	Emberwilde Augur
evg	Flamewave Invoker
evg	Gempalm Incinerator
evg	Goblin Cohort
evg	Goblin Matron
evg	Elvish Harbinger
evg	Goblin Ringleader
evg	Goblin Sledder
evg	Goblin Warchief
evg	Ib Halfheart, Goblin Tactician
evg	Mogg Fanatic
evg	Mogg War Marshal
evg	Mudbutton Torchrunner
evg	Raging Goblin
evg	Reckless One
evg	Skirk Drill Sergeant
evg	Elvish Warrior
evg	Skirk Fire Marshal
evg	Skirk Prospector
evg	Skirk Shaman
evg	Tar Pitcher
evg	Boggart Shenanigans
evg	Spitting Earth
evg	Tarfire
evg	Forgotten Cave
evg	Goblin Burrows
evg	Mountain
evg	Gempalm Strider
evg	Mountain
evg	Mountain
evg	Mountain
evg	Heedless One
evg	Imperious Perfect
evg	Llanowar Elves
ddd	Garruk Wildspeaker
ddd	Indrik Stomphowler
ddd	Krosan Tusker
ddd	Plated Slagwurm
ddd	Genju of the Cedars
ddd	Giant Growth
ddd	Rancor
ddd	Lignify
ddd	Nature's Lore
ddd	Elephant Guide
ddd	Invigorate
ddd	Basking Rootwalla
ddd	Serrated Arrows
ddd	Harmonize
ddd	Rude Awakening
ddd	Beast Attack
ddd	Overrun
ddd	Windstorm
ddd	Slippery Karst
ddd	Treetop Village
ddd	Forest
ddd	Forest
ddd	Albino Troll
ddd	Forest
ddd	Forest
ddd	Liliana Vess
ddd	Deathgreeter
ddd	Ghost-Lit Stalker
ddd	Vampire Bats
ddd	Drudge Skeletons
ddd	Ravenous Rats
ddd	Fleshbag Marauder
ddd	Phyrexian Rager
ddd	Vine Trellis
ddd	Urborg Syphon-Mage
ddd	Wall of Bone
ddd	Faerie Macabre
ddd	Howling Banshee
ddd	Keening Banshee
ddd	Twisted Abomination
ddd	Skeletal Vampire
ddd	Genju of the Fens
ddd	Bad Moon
ddd	Sign in Blood
ddd	Wild Mongrel
ddd	Vicious Hunger
ddd	Ichor Slick
ddd	Hideous End
ddd	Snuff Out
ddd	Tendrils of Corruption
ddd	Mutilate
ddd	Rise from the Grave
ddd	Corrupt
ddd	Enslave
ddd	Polluted Mire
ddd	Wirewood Savage
ddd	Swamp
ddd	Swamp
ddd	Swamp
ddd	Swamp
ddd	Blastoderm
ddd	Ravenous Baloth
ddd	Stampeding Wildebeests
ddl	Sun Titan
ddl	Freewind Equenaut
ddl	Anax and Cymede
ddl	Armory Guard
ddl	Gustcloak Sentinel
ddl	Dawnstrike Paladin
ddl	Nobilis of War
ddl	Kamahl, Pit Fighter
ddl	Condemn
ddl	Daily Regimen
ddl	Pay No Heed
ddl	Somberwald Vigilante
ddl	Righteousness
ddl	Stand Firm
ddl	Magma Jet
ddl	Ordeal of Purphoros
ddl	Bonds of Faith
ddl	Moment of Heroism
ddl	Undying Rage
ddl	Battle Mastery
ddl	Griffin Guide
ddl	Smite the Monstrous
ddl	Figure of Destiny
ddl	Miraculous Recovery
ddl	Winds of Rath
ddl	Pyrokinesis
ddl	Boros Guildgate
ddl	New Benalia
ddl	Mountain
ddl	Mountain
ddl	Mountain
ddl	Mountain
ddl	Plains
ddl	Cavalry Pegasus
ddl	Plains
ddl	Plains
ddl	Plains
ddl	Polukranos, World Eater
ddl	Orcish Lumberjack
ddl	Deadly Recluse
ddl	Kavu Predator
ddl	Satyr Hedonist
ddl	Zhur-Taa Druid
ddl	Blood Ogre
ddl	Fencing Ace
ddl	Troll Ascetic
ddl	Crowned Ceratok
ddl	Gorehorn Minotaurs
ddl	Ghor-Clan Savage
ddl	Deus of Calamity
ddl	Conquering Manticore
ddl	Crater Hellion
ddl	Skarrgan Firebird
ddl	Valley Rannet
ddl	Krosan Tusker
ddl	Thraben Valiant
ddl	Skarrgan Skybreaker
ddl	Shower of Sparks
ddl	Prey Upon
ddl	Pyroclasm
ddl	Regrowth
ddl	Terrifying Presence
ddl	Destructive Revelry
ddl	Dragon Blood
ddl	Volt Charge
ddl	Beast Within
ddl	Stun Sniper
ddl	Fires of Yavimaya
ddl	Kazandu Refuge
ddl	Llanowar Reborn
ddl	Skarrg, the Rage Pits
ddl	Mountain
ddl	Mountain
ddl	Mountain
ddl	Mountain
ddl	Forest
ddl	Forest
ddl	Truefire Paladin
ddl	Forest
ddl	Forest
ddl	Auramancer
ddj	Niv-Mizzet, the Firemind
ddj	Galvanoth
ddj	Izzet Chronarch
ddj	Djinn Illuminatus
ddj	Brainstorm
ddj	Force Spike
ddj	Magma Spray
ddj	Isochron Scepter
ddj	Izzet Signet
ddj	Call to Heel
ddj	Train of Thought
ddj	Kiln Fiend
ddj	Pyromatics
ddj	Izzet Charm
ddj	Reminisce
ddj	Thunderheads
ddj	Vacuumelt
ddj	Dissipate
ddj	Quicksilver Dagger
ddj	Prophetic Bolt
ddj	Overwhelming Intellect
ddj	Sphinx-Bone Wand
ddj	Goblin Electromancer
ddj	Street Spasm
ddj	Invoke the Firemind
ddj	Ice
ddj	Fire
ddj	Forgotten Cave
ddj	Izzet Boilerworks
ddj	Lonely Sandbar
ddj	Nivix, Aerie of the Firemind
ddj	Island
ddj	Island
ddj	Island
ddj	Izzet Guildmage
ddj	Island
ddj	Mountain
ddj	Mountain
ddj	Mountain
ddj	Mountain
ddj	Jarad, Golgari Lich Lord
ddj	Plagued Rusalka
ddj	Elves of Deep Shadow
ddj	Golgari Thug
ddj	Ravenous Rats
ddj	Gelectrode
ddj	Reassembling Skeleton
ddj	Boneyard Wurm
ddj	Korozda Guildmage
ddj	Putrid Leech
ddj	Stinkweed Imp
ddj	Eternal Witness
ddj	Dreg Mangler
ddj	Shambling Shell
ddj	Brain Weevil
ddj	Greater Mossdog
ddj	Wee Dragonauts
ddj	Golgari Grave-Troll
ddj	Stingerfling Spider
ddj	Sadistic Hypnotist
ddj	Golgari Rotwurm
ddj	Gleancrawler
ddj	Doomgape
ddj	Golgari Signet
ddj	Ghoul's Feast
ddj	Yoke of the Damned
ddj	Life from the Loam
ddj	Steamcore Weird
ddj	Golgari Germination
ddj	Putrefy
ddj	Feast or Famine
ddj	Nightmare Void
ddj	Vigor Mortis
ddj	Grim Flowering
ddj	Twilight's Call
ddj	Life
ddj	Death
ddj	Barren Moor
ddj	Dakmor Salvage
ddj	Shrewd Hatchling
ddj	Golgari Rot Farm
ddj	Svogthos, the Restless Tomb
ddj	Tranquil Thicket
ddj	Swamp
ddj	Swamp
ddj	Swamp
ddj	Swamp
ddj	Forest
ddj	Forest
ddj	Forest
ddj	Ogre Savant
ddj	Forest
dd2	Jace Beleren
dd2	Fledgling Mawcor
dd2	Waterspout Djinn
dd2	Mulldrifter
dd2	Air Elemental
dd2	Guile
dd2	Riftwing Cloudskate
dd2	Spire Golem
dd2	Aethersnipe
dd2	Brine Elemental
dd2	Quicksilver Dragon
dd2	Martyr of Frost
dd2	Errant Ephemeron
dd2	Ancestral Vision
dd2	Mind Stone
dd2	Daze
dd2	Counterspell
dd2	Repulse
dd2	Fact or Fiction
dd2	Gush
dd2	Condescend
dd2	Terrain Generator
dd2	Fathom Seer
dd2	Island
dd2	Island
dd2	Island
dd2	Island
dd2	Chandra Nalaar
dd2	Flamekin Brawler
dd2	Fireslinger
dd2	Soulbright Flamekin
dd2	Pyre Charger
dd2	Slith Firewalker
dd2	Voidmage Apprentice
dd2	Flamewave Invoker
dd2	Inner-Flame Acolyte
dd2	Flametongue Kavu
dd2	Furnace Whelp
dd2	Rakdos Pit Dragon
dd2	Ingot Chewer
dd2	Oxidda Golem
dd2	Chartooth Cougar
dd2	Hostility
dd2	Firebolt
dd2	Wall of Deceit
dd2	Seal of Fire
dd2	Incinerate
dd2	Magma Jet
dd2	Flame Javelin
dd2	Cone of Flame
dd2	Fireblast
dd2	Fireball
dd2	Demonfire
dd2	Keldon Megaliths
dd2	Mountain
dd2	Willbender
dd2	Mountain
dd2	Mountain
dd2	Mountain
dd2	Bottle Gnomes
dd2	Man-o'-War
dd2	Ophidian
ddm	Jace, Architect of Thought
ddm	Sea Gate Oracle
ddm	Stealer of Secrets
ddm	Aether Adept
ddm	Archaeomancer
ddm	Phantasmal Dragon
ddm	Body Double
ddm	Leyline Phantom
ddm	Aeon Chronicler
ddm	Riftwing Cloudskate
ddm	Jace's Mindseeker
ddm	Chronomaton
ddm	Errant Ephemeron
ddm	Thought Scour
ddm	Agoraphobia
ddm	Into the Roil
ddm	Memory Lapse
ddm	Prohibit
ddm	Remand
ddm	Claustrophobia
ddm	Griptide
ddm	Ray of Command
ddm	Jace's Phantasm
ddm	Control Magic
ddm	Summoner's Bane
ddm	Jace's Ingenuity
ddm	Future Sight
ddm	Spelltwine
ddm	Dread Statuary
ddm	Halimar Depths
ddm	Island
ddm	Island
ddm	Island
ddm	Phantasmal Bear
ddm	Island
ddm	Island
ddm	Vraska the Unseen
ddm	Pulse Tracker
ddm	Shadow Alley Denizen
ddm	Tavern Swindler
ddm	Wight of Precinct Six
ddm	Death-Hood Cobra
ddm	Gatecreeper Vine
ddm	River Boa
ddm	Aether Figment
ddm	Vinelasher Kudzu
ddm	Putrid Leech
ddm	Sadistic Augermage
ddm	Slate Street Ruffian
ddm	Oran-Rief Recluse
ddm	Spawnwrithe
ddm	Stonefare Crocodile
ddm	Ohran Viper
ddm	Corpse Traders
ddm	Festerhide Boar
ddm	Crosstown Courier
ddm	Mold Shambler
ddm	Highway Robber
ddm	Nekrataal
ddm	Reaper of the Wilds
ddm	Acidic Slime
ddm	Drooling Groodion
ddm	Tragic Slip
ddm	Hypnotic Cloud
ddm	Night's Whisper
ddm	Marsh Casualties
ddm	Dream Stalker
ddm	Treasured Find
ddm	Last Kiss
ddm	Stab Wound
ddm	Underworld Connections
ddm	Consume Strength
ddm	Grisly Spectacle
ddm	Golgari Guildgate
ddm	Rogue's Passage
ddm	Tainted Wood
ddm	Swamp
ddm	Krovikan Mist
ddm	Merfolk Wayfinder
ddm	Swamp
ddm	Swamp
ddm	Swamp
ddm	Swamp
ddm	Forest
ddm	Forest
ddm	Forest
ddm	Forest
ddm	Forest
ddg	Knight of the Reliquary
ddg	Knotvine Paladin
ddg	Steward of Valeron
ddg	Benalish Lancer
ddg	Zhalfirin Commander
ddg	Knight Exemplar
ddg	Wilt-Leaf Cavaliers
ddg	Kabira Vindicator
ddg	Kinsbaile Cavalier
ddg	Alaborn Cavalier
ddg	Skyhunter Patrol
ddg	Caravan Escort
ddg	Plover Knights
ddg	Juniper Order Ranger
ddg	Paladin of Prahv
ddg	Harm's Way
ddg	Reciprocate
ddg	Edge of Autumn
ddg	Mighty Leap
ddg	Reprisal
ddg	Test of Faith
ddg	Heroes' Reunion
ddg	Lionheart Maverick
ddg	Sigil Blessing
ddg	Loxodon Warhammer
ddg	Spidersilk Armor
ddg	Griffin Guide
ddg	Oblivion Ring
ddg	Grasslands
ddg	Sejiri Steppe
ddg	Selesnya Sanctuary
ddg	Treetop Village
ddg	Plains
ddg	Knight of Cliffhaven
ddg	Plains
ddg	Plains
ddg	Plains
ddg	Forest
ddg	Forest
ddg	Forest
ddg	Forest
ddg	Bogardan Hellkite
ddg	Cinder Wall
ddg	Skirk Prospector
ddg	Knight of Meadowgrain
ddg	Bloodmark Mentor
ddg	Fire-Belly Changeling
ddg	Mudbutton Torchrunner
ddg	Dragonspeaker Shaman
ddg	Dragon Whelp
ddg	Henge Guardian
ddg	Voracious Dragon
ddg	Bogardan Rager
ddg	Mordant Dragon
ddg	Kilnmouth Dragon
ddg	Knight of the White Orchid
ddg	Shivan Hellkite
ddg	Thunder Dragon
ddg	Armillary Sphere
ddg	Dragon's Claw
ddg	Breath of Darigaaz
ddg	Dragon Fodder
ddg	Punishing Fire
ddg	Spitting Earth
ddg	Captive Flame
ddg	Ghostfire
ddg	Leonin Skyhunter
ddg	Seething Song
ddg	Seismic Strike
ddg	Claws of Valakut
ddg	Temporary Insanity
ddg	Shiv's Embrace
ddg	Cone of Flame
ddg	Fiery Fall
ddg	Jaws of Stone
ddg	Mountain
ddg	Mountain
ddg	Silver Knight
ddg	Mountain
ddg	Mountain
ddg	White Knight
ddr	Nissa, Voice of Zendikar
ddr	Abundance
ddr	Briarhorn
ddr	Citanul Woodreaders
ddr	Civic Wayfinder
ddr	Cloudthresher
ddr	Crop Rotation
ddr	Elvish Visionary
ddr	Fertilid
ddr	Gaea's Blessing
ddr	Gilt-Leaf Seer
ddr	Jaddi Lifestrider
ddr	Natural Connection
ddr	Nissa's Chosen
ddr	Oakgnarl Warrior
ddr	Oran-Rief Hydra
ddr	Oran-Rief Invoker
ddr	Saddleback Lagac
ddr	Scythe Leopard
ddr	Seek the Horizon
ddr	Thicket Elemental
ddr	Thornweald Archer
ddr	Vines of the Recluse
ddr	Walker of the Grove
ddr	Wood Elves
ddr	Woodborn Behemoth
ddr	Fertile Thicket
ddr	Khalni Garden
ddr	Mosswort Bridge
ddr	Treetop Village
ddr	Forest
ddr	Forest
ddr	Forest
ddr	Forest
ddr	Forest
ddr	Ob Nixilis Reignited
ddr	Altar's Reap
ddr	Ambition's Cost
ddr	Bala Ged Scorpion
ddr	Blistergrub
ddr	Cadaver Imp
ddr	Carrier Thrall
ddr	Demon's Grasp
ddr	Desecration Demon
ddr	Despoiler of Souls
ddr	Disfigure
ddr	Doom Blade
ddr	Fetid Imp
ddr	Foul Imp
ddr	Giant Scorpion
ddr	Grim Discovery
ddr	Hideous End
ddr	Indulgent Tormentor
ddr	Innocent Blood
ddr	Mire's Toll
ddr	Pestilence Demon
ddr	Priest of the Blood Rite
ddr	Quest for the Gravelord
ddr	Renegade Demon
ddr	Shadows of the Past
ddr	Smallpox
ddr	Squelching Leeches
ddr	Tendrils of Corruption
ddr	Unhallowed Pact
ddr	Leechridden Swamp
ddr	Swamp
ddr	Swamp
ddr	Swamp
ddr	Swamp
ddr	Swamp
dde	Phyrexian Negator
dde	Phyrexian Debaser
dde	Order of Yawgmoth
dde	Phyrexian Defiler
dde	Phyrexian Plaguelord
dde	Phyrexian Hulk
dde	Phyrexian Gargantua
dde	Phyrexian Colossus
dde	Voltaic Key
dde	Dark Ritual
dde	Lightning Greaves
dde	Carrion Feeder
dde	Phyrexian Totem
dde	Phyrexian Vault
dde	Puppet Strings
dde	Whispersilk Cloak
dde	Worn Powerstone
dde	Slay
dde	Hideous End
dde	Phyrexian Arena
dde	Hornet Cannon
dde	Phyrexian Processor
dde	Phyrexian Battleflies
dde	Tendrils of Corruption
dde	Living Death
dde	Swamp
dde	Swamp
dde	Swamp
dde	Swamp
dde	Urza's Rage
dde	Thornscape Apprentice
dde	Nomadic Elf
dde	Quirion Elves
dde	Phyrexian Denouncer
dde	Sunscape Battlemage
dde	Thunderscape Battlemage
dde	Thornscape Battlemage
dde	Verduran Emissary
dde	Yavimaya Elder
dde	Charging Troll
dde	Gerrard Capashen
dde	Darigaaz, the Igniter
dde	Rith, the Awakener
dde	Treva, the Renewer
dde	Bone Shredder
dde	Evasive Action
dde	Tribal Flames
dde	Fertile Ground
dde	Gerrard's Command
dde	Coalition Relic
dde	Narrow Escape
dde	Exotic Curse
dde	Harrow
dde	Armadillo Cloak
dde	Darigaaz's Charm
dde	Phyrexian Ghoul
dde	Rith's Charm
dde	Treva's Charm
dde	Power Armor
dde	Allied Strategies
dde	Elfhame Palace
dde	Shivan Oasis
dde	Terramorphic Expanse
dde	Plains
dde	Island
dde	Mountain
dde	Priest of Gix
dde	Forest
dde	Forest
dde	Phyrexian Broodlings
dde	Sanguine Guard
ddk	Sorin, Lord of Innistrad
ddk	Bloodrage Vampire
ddk	Fiend Hunter
ddk	Vampire Nighthawk
ddk	Mausoleum Guard
ddk	Phantom General
ddk	Vampire Outcasts
ddk	Revenant Patriarch
ddk	Sengir Vampire
ddk	Butcher of Malakir
ddk	Vampire's Bite
ddk	Doomed Traveler
ddk	Decompose
ddk	Sorin's Thirst
ddk	Urge to Feed
ddk	Zealous Persecution
ddk	Lingering Souls
ddk	Mortify
ddk	Spectral Procession
ddk	Unmake
ddk	Ancient Craving
ddk	Mark of the Vampire
ddk	Vampire Lacerator
ddk	Field of Souls
ddk	Absorb Vis
ddk	Death Grasp
ddk	Evolving Wilds
ddk	Tainted Field
ddk	Swamp
ddk	Swamp
ddk	Swamp
ddk	Plains
ddk	Plains
ddk	Wall of Omens
ddk	Plains
ddk	Tibalt, the Fiend-Blooded
ddk	Goblin Arsonist
ddk	Scorched Rusalka
ddk	Reassembling Skeleton
ddk	Ashmouth Hound
ddk	Hellspark Elemental
ddk	Vithian Stinger
ddk	Shambling Remains
ddk	Coal Stoker
ddk	Child of Night
ddk	Lavaborn Muse
ddk	Mad Prophet
ddk	Hellrider
ddk	Skirsdag Cultist
ddk	Corpse Connoisseur
ddk	Scourge Devil
ddk	Gang of Devils
ddk	Bump in the Night
ddk	Blazing Salvo
ddk	Faithless Looting
ddk	Duskhunter Bat
ddk	Flame Slash
ddk	Geistflame
ddk	Pyroclasm
ddk	Recoup
ddk	Terminate
ddk	Strangling Soot
ddk	Browbeat
ddk	Breaking Point
ddk	Sulfuric Vortex
ddk	Blightning
ddk	Mesmeric Fiend
ddk	Flame Javelin
ddk	Torrent of Souls
ddk	Devil's Play
ddk	Akoum Refuge
ddk	Rakdos Carnarium
ddk	Mountain
ddk	Mountain
ddk	Mountain
ddk	Swamp
ddk	Swamp
ddk	Gatekeeper of Malakir
ddk	Swamp
ddk	Twilight Drover
ddn	Zurgo Helmsmasher
ddn	Hell's Thunder
ddn	Kathari Bomber
ddn	Shambling Remains
ddn	Mardu Heart-Piercer
ddn	Beetleback Chief
ddn	Krenko, Mob Boss
ddn	Ogre Battledriver
ddn	Flame-Kin Zealot
ddn	Scourge Devil
ddn	Oni of Wild Places
ddn	Frenzied Goblin
ddn	Reckless Abandon
ddn	Shock
ddn	Bone Splinters
ddn	Arc Trail
ddn	Goblin Bombardment
ddn	Krenko's Command
ddn	Act of Treason
ddn	Dauntless Onslaught
ddn	Orcish Cannonade
ddn	Fiery Fall
ddn	Infantry Veteran
ddn	Fury of the Horde
ddn	Banefire
ddn	Evolving Wilds
ddn	Ghitu Encampment
ddn	Nomad Outpost
ddn	Mountain
ddn	Mountain
ddn	Mountain
ddn	Plains
ddn	Swamp
ddn	Leonin Snarecaster
ddn	Swamp
ddn	Swamp
ddn	Arcanis the Omnipotent
ddn	Faerie Impostor
ddn	Coral Trickster
ddn	Fathom Seer
ddn	Jeskai Elder
ddn	Willbender
ddn	Sparkmage Apprentice
ddn	Lone Missionary
ddn	Dregscape Zombie
ddn	Master Decoy
ddn	Echo Tracer
ddn	Kor Hookmaster
ddn	Stonecloaker
ddn	Aquamorph Entity
ddn	Hussar Patrol
ddn	Lightning Angel
ddn	Faerie Invaders
ddn	Thousand Winds
ddn	Sphinx of Uthuun
ddn	Goblin Deathraiders
ddn	Fleeting Distraction
ddn	Stave Off
ddn	Swift Justice
ddn	Impulse
ddn	Mana Leak
ddn	Lightning Helix
ddn	Hold the Line
ddn	Inferno Trap
ddn	Steam Augury
ddn	Traumatic Visions
ddn	Hellraiser Goblin
ddn	Whiplash Trap
ddn	Arrow Volley Trap
ddn	Repeal
ddn	Mystic Monastery
ddn	Terramorphic Expanse
ddn	Island
ddn	Island
ddn	Island
ddn	Mountain
ddn	Plains
ddn	Fleshbag Marauder
ddn	Plains
ddn	Plains
ddn	Goblin Warchief
ddi	Venser, the Sojourner
ddi	Sky Spirit
ddi	Wall of Denial
ddi	Galepowder Mage
ddi	Kor Cartographer
ddi	Clone
ddi	Cryptic Annelid
ddi	Primal Plasma
ddi	Sawtooth Loon
ddi	Cache Raiders
ddi	Windreaver
ddi	Whitemane Lion
ddi	Jedit's Dragoons
ddi	Sunblast Angel
ddi	Sphinx of Uthuun
ddi	Path to Exile
ddi	Preordain
ddi	Sigil of Sleep
ddi	Revoke Existence
ddi	Angelic Shield
ddi	Oblivion Ring
ddi	Safe Passage
ddi	Augury Owl
ddi	Steel of the Godhead
ddi	Vanish into Memory
ddi	Overrule
ddi	Azorius Chancery
ddi	Flood Plain
ddi	New Benalia
ddi	Sejiri Refuge
ddi	Soaring Seacliff
ddi	Plains
ddi	Plains
ddi	Coral Fighters
ddi	Plains
ddi	Island
ddi	Island
ddi	Island
ddi	Koth of the Hammer
ddi	Plated Geopede
ddi	Pygmy Pyrosaur
ddi	Pilgrim's Eye
ddi	Aether Membrane
ddi	Fiery Hellhound
ddi	Minamo Sightbender
ddi	Vulshok Sorcerer
ddi	Anger
ddi	Cosi's Ravager
ddi	Vulshok Berserker
ddi	Bloodfire Kavu
ddi	Stone Giant
ddi	Geyser Glider
ddi	Lithophage
ddi	Torchling
ddi	Chartooth Cougar
ddi	Mistmeadow Witch
ddi	Earth Servant
ddi	Greater Stone Spirit
ddi	Bloodfire Colossus
ddi	Wayfarer's Bauble
ddi	Armillary Sphere
ddi	Journeyer's Kite
ddi	Vulshok Morningstar
ddi	Searing Blaze
ddi	Vulshok Battlegear
ddi	Downhill Charge
ddi	Scroll Thief
ddi	Seismic Strike
ddi	Spire Barrage
ddi	Jaws of Stone
ddi	Volley of Boulders
ddi	Mountain
ddi	Mountain
ddi	Mountain
ddi	Mountain
ddi	Neurok Invisimancer
ddi	Slith Strider
8ed	Angel of Mercy
8ed	Eager Cadet
8ed	Circle of Protection: Black
8ed	Shifting Sky
8ed	Sneaky Homunculus
8ed	Spiketail Hatchling
8ed	Steal Artifact
8ed	Storm Crow
8ed	Telepathy
8ed	Temporal Adept
8ed	Thieving Magpie
8ed	Tidal Kraken
8ed	Trade Routes
8ed	Circle of Protection: Blue
8ed	Treasure Trove
8ed	Twiddle
8ed	Unsummon
8ed	Wall of Air
8ed	Wind Drake
8ed	Wrath of Marit Lage
8ed	Zur's Weirding
8ed	Abyssal Specter
8ed	Ambition's Cost
8ed	Bog Imp
8ed	Circle of Protection: Green
8ed	Bog Wraith
8ed	Carrion Wall
8ed	Coercion
8ed	Dark Banishing
8ed	Death Pit Offering
8ed	Death Pits of Rath
8ed	Deathgazer
8ed	Deepwood Ghoul
8ed	Diabolic Tutor
8ed	Drudge Skeletons
8ed	Circle of Protection: Red
8ed	Dusk Imp
8ed	Eastern Paladin
8ed	Execute
8ed	Fallen Angel
8ed	Fear
8ed	Giant Cockroach
8ed	Gluttonous Zombie
8ed	Grave Pact
8ed	Gravedigger
8ed	Larceny
8ed	Circle of Protection: White
8ed	Looming Shade
8ed	Lord of the Undead
8ed	Maggot Carrier
8ed	Megrim
8ed	Mind Rot
8ed	Mind Slash
8ed	Mind Sludge
8ed	Murderous Betrayal
8ed	Nausea
8ed	Nekrataal
8ed	Crossbow Infantry
8ed	Nightmare
8ed	Persecute
8ed	Phyrexian Arena
8ed	Phyrexian Plaguelord
8ed	Plague Beetle
8ed	Plague Wind
8ed	Primeval Shambler
8ed	Raise Dead
8ed	Ravenous Rats
8ed	Royal Assassin
8ed	Demystify
8ed	Scathe Zombies
8ed	Serpent Warrior
8ed	Sever Soul
8ed	Severed Legion
8ed	Slay
8ed	Soul Feast
8ed	Spineless Thug
8ed	Swarm of Rats
8ed	Underworld Dreams
8ed	Unholy Strength
8ed	Diving Griffin
8ed	Vampiric Spirit
8ed	Vicious Hunger
8ed	Warped Devotion
8ed	Western Paladin
8ed	Zombify
8ed	Anaba Shaman
8ed	Balduvian Barbarians
8ed	Blaze
8ed	Blood Moon
8ed	Bloodshot Cyclops
8ed	Elite Archers
8ed	Boil
8ed	Canyon Wildcat
8ed	Cinder Wall
8ed	Demolish
8ed	Dwarven Demolition Team
8ed	Enrage
8ed	Flashfires
8ed	Furnace of Rath
8ed	Goblin Chariot
8ed	Goblin Glider
8ed	Elite Javelineer
8ed	Goblin King
8ed	Goblin Raider
8ed	Guerrilla Tactics
8ed	Hammer of Bogardan
8ed	Hill Giant
8ed	Hulking Cyclops
8ed	Inferno
8ed	Lava Axe
8ed	Lava Hounds
8ed	Lesser Gargadon
8ed	Angelic Page
8ed	Vengeance
8ed	Glorious Anthem
8ed	Lightning Blast
8ed	Lightning Elemental
8ed	Mana Clash
8ed	Mogg Sentry
8ed	Obliterate
8ed	Ogre Taskmaster
8ed	Okk
8ed	Orcish Artillery
8ed	Orcish Spy
8ed	Panic Attack
8ed	Glory Seeker
8ed	Pyroclasm
8ed	Pyrotechnics
8ed	Raging Goblin
8ed	Reflexes
8ed	Relentless Assault
8ed	Ridgeline Rager
8ed	Rukh Egg
8ed	Sabretooth Tiger
8ed	Searing Wind
8ed	Seismic Assault
8ed	Healing Salve
8ed	Shatter
8ed	Shivan Dragon
8ed	Shock
8ed	Shock Troops
8ed	Sizzle
8ed	Stone Rain
8ed	Sudden Impact
8ed	Thieves' Auction
8ed	Tremor
8ed	Two-Headed Dragon
8ed	Holy Day
8ed	Viashino Sandstalker
8ed	Volcanic Hammer
8ed	Wall of Stone
8ed	Birds of Paradise
8ed	Blanchwood Armor
8ed	Call of the Wild
8ed	Canopy Spider
8ed	Choke
8ed	Collective Unconscious
8ed	Craw Wurm
8ed	Holy Strength
8ed	Creeping Mold
8ed	Elvish Champion
8ed	Elvish Lyrist
8ed	Elvish Pioneer
8ed	Elvish Piper
8ed	Elvish Scrapper
8ed	Emperor Crocodile
8ed	Fecundity
8ed	Fertile Ground
8ed	Foratog
8ed	Honor Guard
8ed	Fungusaur
8ed	Fyndhorn Elder
8ed	Gaea's Herald
8ed	Giant Badger
8ed	Giant Growth
8ed	Giant Spider
8ed	Grizzly Bears
8ed	Horned Troll
8ed	Hunted Wumpus
8ed	Lhurgoyf
8ed	Intrepid Hero
8ed	Living Terrain
8ed	Llanowar Behemoth
8ed	Lone Wolf
8ed	Lure
8ed	Maro
8ed	Might of Oaks
8ed	Monstrous Growth
8ed	Moss Monster
8ed	Nantuko Disciple
8ed	Natural Affinity
8ed	Ivory Mask
8ed	Naturalize
8ed	Norwood Ranger
8ed	Plow Under
8ed	Primeval Force
8ed	Rampant Growth
8ed	Regeneration
8ed	Revive
8ed	Rhox
8ed	Rushwood Dryad
8ed	Spined Wurm
8ed	Karma
8ed	Spitting Spider
8ed	Spreading Algae
8ed	Stream of Life
8ed	Thorn Elemental
8ed	Trained Armodon
8ed	Verduran Enchantress
8ed	Vernal Bloom
8ed	Vine Trellis
8ed	Wing Snare
8ed	Wood Elves
8ed	Master Decoy
8ed	Yavimaya Enchantress
8ed	Aladdin's Ring
8ed	Beast of Burden
8ed	Brass Herald
8ed	Coat of Arms
8ed	Crystal Rod
8ed	Defense Grid
8ed	Dingus Egg
8ed	Disrupting Scepter
8ed	Distorting Lens
8ed	Ardent Militia
8ed	Giant Octopus
8ed	Master Healer
8ed	Ensnaring Bridge
8ed	Flying Carpet
8ed	Fodder Cannon
8ed	Howling Mine
8ed	Iron Star
8ed	Ivory Cup
8ed	Jayemdae Tome
8ed	Millstone
8ed	Patagia Golem
8ed	Phyrexian Colossus
8ed	Noble Purpose
8ed	Phyrexian Hulk
8ed	Planar Portal
8ed	Rod of Ruin
8ed	Skull of Orm
8ed	Spellbook
8ed	Star Compass
8ed	Teferi's Puzzle Box
8ed	Throne of Bone
8ed	Urza's Armor
8ed	Vexing Arcanix
8ed	Oracle's Attendants
8ed	Wall of Spears
8ed	Wooden Sphere
8ed	City of Brass
8ed	Coastal Tower
8ed	Elfhame Palace
8ed	Salt Marsh
8ed	Shivan Oasis
8ed	Urborg Volcano
8ed	Urza's Mine
8ed	Urza's Power Plant
8ed	Pacifism
8ed	Urza's Tower
8ed	Plains
8ed	Plains
8ed	Plains
8ed	Plains
8ed	Island
8ed	Island
8ed	Island
8ed	Island
8ed	Swamp
8ed	Peach Garden Oath
8ed	Swamp
8ed	Swamp
8ed	Swamp
8ed	Mountain
8ed	Mountain
8ed	Mountain
8ed	Mountain
8ed	Forest
8ed	Forest
8ed	Forest
8ed	Rain of Blades
8ed	Forest
8ed	Razorfoot Griffin
8ed	Redeem
8ed	Rolling Stones
8ed	Sacred Ground
8ed	Avatar of Hope
8ed	Sea Eagle
8ed	Sacred Nectar
8ed	Samite Healer
8ed	Sanctimony
8ed	Savannah Lions
8ed	Seasoned Marshal
8ed	Serra Angel
8ed	Solidarity
8ed	Spirit Link
8ed	Standing Troops
8ed	Staunch Defenders
8ed	Aven Cloudchaser
8ed	Vizzerdrix
8ed	Story Circle
8ed	Suntail Hawk
8ed	Sunweb
8ed	Sword Dancer
8ed	Tundra Wolves
8ed	Venerable Monk
8ed	Wall of Swords
8ed	Worship
8ed	Wrath of God
8ed	Air Elemental
8ed	Aven Flock
8ed	Enormous Baloth
8ed	Archivist
8ed	Aven Fisher
8ed	Balance of Power
8ed	Boomerang
8ed	Bribery
8ed	Catalog
8ed	Coastal Hornclaw
8ed	Coastal Piracy
8ed	Concentrate
8ed	Confiscate
8ed	Blessed Reversal
8ed	Silverback Ape
8ed	Coral Eel
8ed	Cowardice
8ed	Curiosity
8ed	Daring Apprentice
8ed	Deflection
8ed	Dehydration
8ed	Evacuation
8ed	Fighting Drake
8ed	Flash Counter
8ed	Fleeting Image
8ed	Blinding Angel
8ed	Flight
8ed	Fugitive Wizard
8ed	Hibernation
8ed	Horned Turtle
8ed	Index
8ed	Inspiration
8ed	Intruder Alarm
8ed	Invisibility
8ed	Mahamoti Djinn
8ed	Mana Leak
8ed	Chastise
8ed	Merchant of Secrets
8ed	Merchant Scroll
8ed	Mind Bend
8ed	Phantom Warrior
8ed	Puppeteer
8ed	Remove Soul
8ed	Rewind
8ed	Sage of Lat-Nam
8ed	Sage Owl
8ed	Sea Monster
eve	Archon of Justice
eve	Light from Within
eve	Crackleburr
eve	Crag Puca
eve	Dominus of Fealty
eve	Inside Out
eve	Mindwrack Liege
eve	Mirror Sheen
eve	Noggle Bandit
eve	Noggle Bridgebreaker
eve	Noggle Hedge-Mage
eve	Noggle Ransacker
eve	Loyal Gyrfalcon
eve	Nucklavee
eve	Riverfall Mimic
eve	Shrewd Hatchling
eve	Stream Hopper
eve	Unnerving Assault
eve	Canker Abomination
eve	Cankerous Thirst
eve	Creakwood Liege
eve	Deity of Scars
eve	Desecrator Hag
eve	Patrol Signaler
eve	Doomgape
eve	Drain the Well
eve	Gift of the Deity
eve	Hag Hedge-Mage
eve	Noxious Hatchling
eve	Odious Trow
eve	Quillspike
eve	Rendclaw Trow
eve	Sapling of Colfenor
eve	Stalker Hag
eve	Recumbent Bliss
eve	Woodlurker Mimic
eve	Worm Harvest
eve	Balefire Liege
eve	Battlegate Mimic
eve	Belligerent Hatchling
eve	Double Cleave
eve	Duergar Assailant
eve	Duergar Hedge-Mage
eve	Duergar Mine-Captain
eve	Figure of Destiny
eve	Spirit of the Hearth
eve	Fire at Will
eve	Hearthfire Hobgoblin
eve	Hobgoblin Dragoon
eve	Moonhold
eve	Nobilis of War
eve	Rise of the Hobgoblins
eve	Scourge of the Nobilis
eve	Spitemare
eve	Waves of Aggression
eve	Cold-Eyed Selkie
eve	Springjack Shepherd
eve	Fable of Wolf and Owl
eve	Favor of the Overbeing
eve	Gilder Bairn
eve	Grazing Kelpie
eve	Groundling Pouncer
eve	Invert the Skies
eve	Murkfiend Liege
eve	Overbeing of Myth
eve	Selkie Hedge-Mage
eve	Shorecrasher Mimic
eve	Suture Spirit
eve	Slippery Bogle
eve	Snakeform
eve	Spitting Image
eve	Sturdy Hatchling
eve	Trapjaw Kelpie
eve	Wistful Selkie
eve	Altar Golem
eve	Antler Skulkin
eve	Fang Skulkin
eve	Hoof Skulkin
eve	Banishing Knack
eve	Jawbone Skulkin
eve	Leering Emblem
eve	Scarecrone
eve	Shell Skulkin
eve	Ward of Bones
eve	Cascade Bluffs
eve	Fetid Heath
eve	Flooded Grove
eve	Rugged Prairie
eve	Springjack Pasture
eve	Cache Raiders
eve	Twilight Mire
eve	Dream Fracture
eve	Ballynock Trapper
eve	Dream Thief
eve	Glamerdye
eve	Glen Elendra Archmage
eve	Idle Thoughts
eve	Indigo Faerie
eve	Inundate
eve	Merrow Levitator
eve	Oona's Grace
eve	Razorfin Abolisher
eve	Sanity Grinding
eve	Cenn's Enlistment
eve	Talonrend
eve	Wake Thrasher
eve	Wilderness Hypnotist
eve	Ashling, the Extinguisher
eve	Creakwood Ghoul
eve	Crumbling Ashes
eve	Lingering Tormentor
eve	Merrow Bonegnawer
eve	Necroskitter
eve	Needle Specter
eve	Endless Horizons
eve	Nightmare Incursion
eve	Raven's Crime
eve	Smoldering Butcher
eve	Soot Imp
eve	Soul Reap
eve	Soul Snuffers
eve	Syphon Life
eve	Talara's Bane
eve	Umbra Stalker
eve	Chaotic Backlash
eve	Endure
eve	Cinder Pyromancer
eve	Duergar Cave-Guard
eve	Fiery Bombardment
eve	Flame Jab
eve	Hatchet Bully
eve	Hateflayer
eve	Heartlash Cinder
eve	Hotheaded Giant
eve	Impelled Giant
eve	Outrage Shaman
eve	Flickerwisp
eve	Puncture Blast
eve	Rekindled Flame
eve	Stigma Lasher
eve	Thunderblust
eve	Unwilling Recruit
eve	Aerie Ouphes
eve	Bloom Tender
eve	Duskdale Wurm
eve	Helix Pinnacle
eve	Marshdrinker Giant
eve	Hallowed Burial
eve	Monstrify
eve	Nettle Sentinel
eve	Phosphorescent Feast
eve	Primalcrux
eve	Regal Force
eve	Savage Conception
eve	Swirling Spriggan
eve	Talara's Battalion
eve	Tilling Treefolk
eve	Twinblade Slasher
eve	Kithkin Spellduster
eve	Wickerbough Elder
eve	Batwing Brume
eve	Beckon Apparition
eve	Bloodied Ghost
eve	Cauldron Haze
eve	Deathbringer Liege
eve	Divinity of Pride
eve	Edge of the Divinity
eve	Evershrike
eve	Gwyllion Hedge-Mage
eve	Kithkin Zealot
eve	Harvest Gwyllion
eve	Nightsky Mimic
eve	Nip Gwyllion
eve	Pyrrhic Revival
eve	Restless Apparition
eve	Stillmoon Cavalier
eve	Unmake
eve	Voracious Hatchling
eve	Call the Skybreaker
eve	Clout of the Dominus
exo	Allay
exo	Angelic Blessing
exo	Cataclysm
exo	Charging Paladin
exo	Convalescence
exo	Exalted Dragon
exo	High Ground
exo	Keeper of the Light
exo	Kor Chant
exo	Limited Resources
exo	Oath of Lieges
exo	Paladin en-Vec
exo	Peace of Mind
exo	Pegasus Stampede
exo	Penance
exo	Reaping the Rewards
exo	Reconnaissance
exo	Shackles
exo	Shield Mate
exo	Soltari Visionary
exo	Soul Warden
exo	Standing Troops
exo	Treasure Hunter
exo	Wall of Nets
exo	Welkin Hawk
exo	Zealots en-Dal
exo	Aether Tide
exo	Cunning
exo	Curiosity
exo	Dominating Licid
exo	Ephemeron
exo	Equilibrium
exo	Ertai, Wizard Adept
exo	Fade Away
exo	Forbid
exo	Keeper of the Mind
exo	Killer Whale
exo	Mana Breach
exo	Merfolk Looter
exo	Mind Over Matter
exo	Mirozel
exo	Oath of Scholars
exo	Robe of Mirrors
exo	Rootwater Mystic
exo	School of Piranha
exo	Scrivener
exo	Thalakos Drifters
exo	Thalakos Scout
exo	Theft of Dreams
exo	Treasure Trove
exo	Wayward Soul
exo	Whiptongue Frog
exo	Carnophage
exo	Cat Burglar
exo	Culling the Weak
exo	Cursed Flesh
exo	Dauthi Cutthroat
exo	Dauthi Jackal
exo	Dauthi Warlord
exo	Death's Duet
exo	Entropic Specter
exo	Fugue
exo	Grollub
exo	Hatred
exo	Keeper of the Dead
exo	Mind Maggots
exo	Nausea
exo	Necrologia
exo	Oath of Ghouls
exo	Pit Spawn
exo	Plaguebearer
exo	Recurring Nightmare
exo	Scare Tactics
exo	Slaughter
exo	Spike Cannibal
exo	Thrull Surgeon
exo	Vampire Hounds
exo	Volrath's Dungeon
exo	Anarchist
exo	Cinder Crawler
exo	Dizzying Gaze
exo	Fighting Chance
exo	Flowstone Flood
exo	Furnace Brood
exo	Keeper of the Flame
exo	Mage il-Vec
exo	Maniacal Rage
exo	Mogg Assassin
exo	Monstrous Hound
exo	Oath of Mages
exo	Ogre Shaman
exo	Onslaught
exo	Pandemonium
exo	Paroxysm
exo	Price of Progress
exo	Raging Goblin
exo	Ravenous Baboons
exo	Reckless Ogre
exo	Sabertooth Wyvern
exo	Scalding Salamander
exo	Seismic Assault
exo	Shattering Pulse
exo	Sonic Burst
exo	Spellshock
exo	Avenging Druid
exo	Bequeathal
exo	Cartographer
exo	Crashing Boars
exo	Elven Palisade
exo	Elvish Berserker
exo	Jackalope Herd
exo	Keeper of the Beasts
exo	Manabond
exo	Mirri, Cat Warrior
exo	Oath of Druids
exo	Plated Rootwalla
exo	Predatory Hunger
exo	Pygmy Troll
exo	Rabid Wolverines
exo	Reclaim
exo	Resuscitate
exo	Rootwater Alligator
exo	Skyshroud Elite
exo	Skyshroud War Beast
exo	Song of Serenity
exo	Spike Hatcher
exo	Spike Rogue
exo	Spike Weaver
exo	Survival of the Fittest
exo	Wood Elves
exo	Coat of Arms
exo	Erratic Portal
exo	Medicine Bag
exo	Memory Crystal
exo	Mindless Automaton
exo	Null Brooch
exo	Skyshaper
exo	Spellbook
exo	Sphere of Resistance
exo	Thopter Squadron
exo	Transmogrifying Licid
exo	Workhorse
exo	City of Traitors
fem	Armor Thrull
fem	Derelor
fem	Brassclaw Orcs
fem	Dwarven Armorer
fem	Dwarven Catapult
fem	Dwarven Lieutenant
fem	Dwarven Soldier
fem	Ebon Praetor
fem	Goblin Chirurgeon
fem	Goblin Flotilla
fem	Goblin Grenade
fem	Goblin Kites
fem	Goblin War Drums
fem	Hymn to Tourach
fem	Goblin Warrens
fem	Orcish Captain
fem	Orcish Spy
fem	Orcish Veteran
fem	Orgg
fem	Raiding Party
fem	Combat Medic
fem	Farrelite Priest
fem	Farrel's Mantle
fem	Farrel's Zealot
fem	Hand of Justice
fem	Heroism
fem	Icatian Infantry
fem	Icatian Javelineers
fem	Icatian Lieutenant
fem	Icatian Moneychanger
fem	Icatian Phalanx
fem	Icatian Priest
fem	Icatian Scout
fem	Initiates of the Ebon Hand
fem	Icatian Skirmishers
fem	Icatian Town
fem	Order of Leitbur
fem	Aeolipile
fem	Balm of Restoration
fem	Conch Horn
fem	Delif's Cone
fem	Delif's Cube
fem	Draconian Cylix
fem	Elven Lyre
fem	Implements of Sacrifice
fem	Ring of Renewal
fem	Spirit Shield
fem	Zelyon Sword
fem	Bottomless Vault
fem	Dwarven Hold
fem	Dwarven Ruins
fem	Ebon Stronghold
fem	Havenwood Battleground
fem	Hollow Trees
fem	Icatian Store
fem	Rainbow Vale
fem	Ruins of Trokair
fem	Sand Silos
fem	Svyelunite Temple
fem	Mindstab Thrull
fem	Necrite
fem	Elvish Hunter
fem	Order of the Ebon Hand
fem	Soul Exchange
fem	Thrull Champion
fem	Thrull Retainer
fem	Thrull Wizard
fem	Tourach's Chant
fem	Tourach's Gate
fem	Deep Spawn
fem	High Tide
fem	Homarid Shaman
fem	Homarid Spawning Bed
fem	Homarid
fem	Homarid Warrior
fem	Merseine
fem	Basal Thrull
fem	River Merfolk
fem	Seasinger
fem	Svyelunite Priest
fem	Tidal Flats
fem	Tidal Influence
fem	Vodalian Knights
fem	Vodalian Mage
fem	Vodalian Soldiers
fem	Vodalian War Machine
fem	Elven Fortress
fem	Elvish Farmer
fem	Elvish Scout
fem	Feral Thallid
fem	Fungal Bloom
fem	Night Soil
fem	Spore Cloud
fem	Spore Flower
fem	Thallid
fem	Breeding Pit
fem	Thallid Devourer
fem	Thelonite Druid
fem	Thelonite Monk
fem	Thelon's Chant
fem	Thelon's Curse
fem	Thorn Thallid
frf	Ugin, the Spirit Dragon
frf	Dragon Bell Monk
frf	Flamewake Phoenix
frf	Friendly Fire
frf	Goblin Heelcutter
frf	Gore Swine
frf	Humble Defector
frf	Hungering Yeti
frf	Lightning Shrieker
frf	Mardu Runemark
frf	Mardu Scout
frf	Mob Rule
frf	Dragonscale General
frf	Outpost Siege
frf	Pyrotechnics
frf	Rageform
frf	Shaman of the Great Hunt
frf	Shockmaw Dragon
frf	Smoldering Efreet
frf	Temur Battle Rage
frf	Vaultbreaker
frf	Wild Slash
frf	Abzan Beastmaster
frf	Elite Scaleguard
frf	Abzan Kin-Guard
frf	Ainok Guide
frf	Ambush Krotiq
frf	Arashin War Beast
frf	Archers of Qarsi
frf	Battlefront Krushok
frf	Cached Defenses
frf	Destructor Dragon
frf	Feral Krushok
frf	Formless Nurturing
frf	Great-Horn Krushok
frf	Frontier Mastodon
frf	Frontier Siege
frf	Fruit of the First Tree
frf	Hunt the Weak
frf	Map the Wastes
frf	Return to the Earth
frf	Ruthless Instincts
frf	Sandsteppe Mastodon
frf	Shamanic Revelation
frf	Sudden Reclamation
frf	Honor's Reward
frf	Temur Runemark
frf	Temur Sabertooth
frf	Temur War Shaman
frf	Warden of the First Tree
frf	Whisperer of the Wilds
frf	Whisperwood Elemental
frf	Wildcall
frf	Winds of Qal Sisma
frf	Yasova Dragonclaw
frf	Atarka, World Render
frf	Jeskai Barricade
frf	Cunning Strike
frf	Dromoka, the Eternal
frf	Ethereal Ambush
frf	Grim Contest
frf	Harsh Sustenance
frf	Kolaghan, the Storm's Fury
frf	Ojutai, Soul of Winter
frf	Silumgar, the Drifting Death
frf	War Flare
frf	Goblin Boom Keg
frf	Lightform
frf	Hero's Blade
frf	Hewed Stone Retainers
frf	Pilgrim of the Fires
frf	Scroll of the Masters
frf	Ugin's Construct
frf	Bloodfell Caves
frf	Blossoming Sands
frf	Crucible of the Spirit Dragon
frf	Dismal Backwater
frf	Jungle Hollow
frf	Lotus-Eye Mystics
frf	Rugged Highlands
frf	Scoured Barrens
frf	Swiftwater Cliffs
frf	Thornwood Falls
frf	Tranquil Cove
frf	Wind-Scarred Crag
frf	Plains
frf	Plains
frf	Island
frf	Island
frf	Mardu Woe-Reaper
frf	Swamp
frf	Swamp
frf	Mountain
frf	Mountain
frf	Forest
frf	Forest
frf	Mastery of the Unseen
frf	Abzan Advantage
frf	Monastery Mentor
frf	Pressure Point
frf	Rally the Ancestors
frf	Sage's Reverie
frf	Sandblast
frf	Sandsteppe Outcast
frf	Soul Summons
frf	Soulfire Grand Master
frf	Valorous Stance
frf	Wandering Champion
frf	Abzan Runemark
frf	Wardscale Dragon
frf	Aven Surveyor
frf	Cloudform
frf	Enhanced Awareness
frf	Fascination
frf	Frost Walker
frf	Jeskai Infiltrator
frf	Jeskai Runemark
frf	Jeskai Sage
frf	Lotus Path Djinn
frf	Abzan Skycaptain
frf	Marang River Prowler
frf	Mindscour Dragon
frf	Mistfire Adept
frf	Monastery Siege
frf	Neutralizing Blast
frf	Rakshasa's Disdain
frf	Reality Shift
frf	Refocus
frf	Renowned Weaponsmith
frf	Rite of Undoing
frf	Arashin Cleric
frf	Sage-Eye Avengers
frf	Shifting Loyalties
frf	Shu Yun, the Silent Tempest
frf	Sultai Skullkeeper
frf	Supplant Form
frf	Temporal Trespass
frf	Torrent Elemental
frf	Whisk Away
frf	Will of the Naga
frf	Write into Being
frf	Aven Skirmisher
frf	Alesha's Vanguard
frf	Ancestral Vengeance
frf	Archfiend of Depravity
frf	Battle Brawler
frf	Brutal Hordechief
frf	Crux of Fate
frf	Dark Deal
frf	Diplomacy of the Wastes
frf	Douse in Gloom
frf	Fearsome Awakening
frf	Channel Harm
frf	Ghastly Conscription
frf	Grave Strength
frf	Gurmag Angler
frf	Hooded Assassin
frf	Mardu Shadowspear
frf	Mardu Strike Leader
frf	Merciless Executioner
frf	Noxious Dragon
frf	Orc Sureshot
frf	Palace Siege
frf	Citadel Siege
frf	Qarsi High Priest
frf	Reach of Shadows
frf	Sibsig Host
frf	Sibsig Muckdraggers
frf	Soulflayer
frf	Sultai Emissary
frf	Sultai Runemark
frf	Tasigur, the Golden Fang
frf	Tasigur's Cruelty
frf	Typhoid Rats
frf	Daghatar the Adamant
frf	Alesha, Who Smiles at Death
frf	Arcbond
frf	Bathe in Dragonfire
frf	Bloodfire Enforcers
frf	Break Through the Line
frf	Collateral Damage
frf	Defiant Ogre
frf	Dragonrage
frf	Fierce Invocation
frf	Flamerush Rider
5dn	Abuna's Chant
5dn	Loxodon Anchorite
5dn	Viridian Scout
5dn	Anodet Lurker
5dn	Arachnoid
5dn	Arcbound Wanderer
5dn	Avarice Totem
5dn	Baton of Courage
5dn	Battered Golem
5dn	Blasting Station
5dn	Chimeric Coils
5dn	Clearwater Goblet
5dn	Loxodon Stalwart
5dn	Clock of Omens
5dn	Composite Golem
5dn	Conjurer's Bauble
5dn	Cranial Plating
5dn	Crucible of Worlds
5dn	Door to Nothingness
5dn	Doubling Cube
5dn	Energy Chamber
5dn	Engineered Explosives
5dn	Ensouled Scimitar
5dn	Raksha Golden Cub
5dn	Eon Hub
5dn	Etched Oracle
5dn	Ferropede
5dn	Fist of Suns
5dn	Gemstone Array
5dn	Goblin Cannon
5dn	Grafted Wargear
5dn	Grinding Station
5dn	Guardian Idol
5dn	Healer's Headdress
5dn	Retaliate
5dn	Heliophial
5dn	Helm of Kaldra
5dn	Horned Helm
5dn	Infused Arrows
5dn	Krark-Clan Ironworks
5dn	Lantern of Insight
5dn	Lunar Avenger
5dn	Mycosynth Golem
5dn	Myr Quadropod
5dn	Myr Servitor
5dn	Roar of Reclamation
5dn	Neurok Stealthsuit
5dn	Opaline Bracers
5dn	Paradise Mantle
5dn	Pentad Prism
5dn	Possessed Portal
5dn	Razorgrass Screen
5dn	Razormane Masticore
5dn	Relic Barrier
5dn	Salvaging Station
5dn	Sawtooth Thresher
5dn	Skyhunter Prowler
5dn	Silent Arbiter
5dn	Skullcage
5dn	Skyreach Manta
5dn	Solarion
5dn	Sparring Collar
5dn	Spinal Parasite
5dn	Staff of Domination
5dn	Summoner's Egg
5dn	Summoning Station
5dn	Suncrusher
5dn	Skyhunter Skirmisher
5dn	Suntouched Myr
5dn	Synod Centurion
5dn	Thermal Navigator
5dn	Vedalken Orrery
5dn	Vedalken Shackles
5dn	Wayfarer's Bauble
5dn	Stand Firm
5dn	Stasis Cocoon
5dn	Steelshaper's Gift
5dn	Armed Response
5dn	Vanquish
5dn	Acquire
5dn	Advanced Hoverguard
5dn	Artificer's Intuition
5dn	Beacon of Tomorrows
5dn	Blinkmoth Infusion
5dn	Bringer of the Blue Dawn
5dn	Condescend
5dn	Disruption Aura
5dn	Early Frost
5dn	Auriok Champion
5dn	Eyes of the Watcher
5dn	Fold into Aether
5dn	Hoverguard Sweepers
5dn	Into Thin Air
5dn	Plasma Elemental
5dn	Qumulox
5dn	Serum Visions
5dn	Spectral Shift
5dn	Thought Courier
5dn	Trinket Mage
5dn	Auriok Salvagers
5dn	Vedalken Mastermind
5dn	Beacon of Unrest
5dn	Blind Creeper
5dn	Bringer of the Black Dawn
5dn	Cackling Imp
5dn	Desecration Elemental
5dn	Devour in Shadow
5dn	Dross Crocodile
5dn	Ebon Drake
5dn	Endless Whispers
5dn	Auriok Windwalker
5dn	Fill with Fright
5dn	Fleshgrafter
5dn	Lose Hope
5dn	Mephidross Vampire
5dn	Moriok Rigger
5dn	Night's Whisper
5dn	Nim Grotesque
5dn	Plunge into Darkness
5dn	Relentless Rats
5dn	Shattered Dreams
5dn	Beacon of Immortality
5dn	Vicious Betrayal
5dn	Beacon of Destruction
5dn	Bringer of the Red Dawn
5dn	Cosmic Larva
5dn	Feedback Bolt
5dn	Furnace Whelp
5dn	Goblin Brawler
5dn	Granulate
5dn	Ion Storm
5dn	Iron-Barb Hellion
5dn	Bringer of the White Dawn
5dn	Krark-Clan Engineers
5dn	Krark-Clan Ogre
5dn	Magma Giant
5dn	Magma Jet
5dn	Magnetic Theft
5dn	Mana Geyser
5dn	Rain of Rust
5dn	Reversal of Fortune
5dn	Screaming Fury
5dn	Spark Elemental
5dn	Circle of Protection: Artifacts
5dn	Vulshok Sorcerer
5dn	All Suns' Dawn
5dn	Beacon of Creation
5dn	Bringer of the Green Dawn
5dn	Channel the Suns
5dn	Dawn's Reflection
5dn	Eternal Witness
5dn	Fangren Pathcutter
5dn	Ferocious Charge
5dn	Joiner Adept
5dn	Leonin Squire
5dn	Ouphe Vandals
5dn	Rite of Passage
5dn	Rude Awakening
5dn	Sylvok Explorer
5dn	Tangle Asp
5dn	Tel-Jilad Justice
5dn	Tel-Jilad Lifebreather
5dn	Tornado Elemental
5dn	Tyrranax
5dn	Viridian Lorebearers
5ed	Abyssal Specter
5ed	Breeding Pit
5ed	Lord of Atlantis
5ed	Magical Hack
5ed	Magus of the Unseen
5ed	Memory Lapse
5ed	Merfolk of the Pearl Trident
5ed	Mind Bomb
5ed	Phantasmal Forces
5ed	Phantasmal Terrain
5ed	Phantom Monster
5ed	Pirate Ship
5ed	Broken Visage
5ed	Portent
5ed	Power Sink
5ed	Prodigal Sorcerer
5ed	Psychic Venom
5ed	Ray of Command
5ed	Recall
5ed	Reef Pirates
5ed	Remove Soul
5ed	Sea Serpent
5ed	Sea Spirit
5ed	Carrion Ants
5ed	Sea Sprite
5ed	Seasinger
5ed	Segovian Leviathan
5ed	Sibilant Spirit
5ed	Sleight of Mind
5ed	Soul Barrier
5ed	Spell Blast
5ed	Stasis
5ed	Steal Artifact
5ed	Time Elemental
5ed	Cloak of Confusion
5ed	Twiddle
5ed	Unstable Mutation
5ed	Unsummon
5ed	Updraft
5ed	Vodalian Soldiers
5ed	Wall of Air
5ed	Wind Spirit
5ed	Zephyr Falcon
5ed	Zur's Weirding
5ed	An-Havva Constable
5ed	Cursed Land
5ed	Aspect of Wolf
5ed	Aurochs
5ed	Birds of Paradise
5ed	Carapace
5ed	Cat Warriors
5ed	Chub Toad
5ed	Cockatrice
5ed	Craw Giant
5ed	Craw Wurm
5ed	Crumble
5ed	Dark Ritual
5ed	Desert Twister
5ed	Durkwood Boars
5ed	Elder Druid
5ed	Elven Riders
5ed	Elvish Archers
5ed	Fog
5ed	Force of Nature
5ed	Foxfire
5ed	Fungusaur
5ed	Fyndhorn Elder
5ed	Deathgrip
5ed	Ghazbán Ogre
5ed	Giant Growth
5ed	Giant Spider
5ed	Grizzly Bears
5ed	Hungry Mist
5ed	Hurricane
5ed	Instill Energy
5ed	Ironroot Treefolk
5ed	Johtull Wurm
5ed	Killer Bees
5ed	Derelor
5ed	Ley Druid
5ed	Lhurgoyf
5ed	Lifeforce
5ed	Living Artifact
5ed	Living Lands
5ed	Llanowar Elves
5ed	Lure
5ed	Marsh Viper
5ed	Nature's Lore
5ed	Pradesh Gypsies
5ed	Drain Life
5ed	Primal Order
5ed	Rabid Wombat
5ed	Radjan Spirit
5ed	Regeneration
5ed	Scaled Wurm
5ed	Seraph
5ed	Scavenger Folk
5ed	Scryb Sprites
5ed	Shanodin Dryads
5ed	Shrink
5ed	Stampede
5ed	Drudge Skeletons
5ed	Stream of Life
5ed	Sylvan Library
5ed	Tarpan
5ed	Thicket Basilisk
5ed	Titania's Song
5ed	Tranquility
5ed	Tsunami
5ed	Untamed Wilds
5ed	Venom
5ed	Verduran Enchantress
5ed	Animate Dead
5ed	Erg Raiders
5ed	Wall of Brambles
5ed	Wanderlust
5ed	War Mammoth
5ed	Whirling Dervish
5ed	Wild Growth
5ed	Winter Blast
5ed	Wolverine Pack
5ed	Wyluli Wolf
5ed	Ambush Party
5ed	Atog
5ed	Evil Eye of Orms-by-Gore
5ed	Ball Lightning
5ed	Bird Maiden
5ed	Blood Lust
5ed	Brassclaw Orcs
5ed	Brothers of Fire
5ed	Cave People
5ed	Conquer
5ed	Crimson Manticore
5ed	Detonate
5ed	Disintegrate
5ed	Evil Presence
5ed	Dwarven Catapult
5ed	Dwarven Soldier
5ed	Dwarven Warriors
5ed	Earthquake
5ed	Errantry
5ed	Eternal Warrior
5ed	Fire Drake
5ed	Fireball
5ed	Firebreathing
5ed	Flame Spirit
5ed	Fallen Angel
5ed	Flare
5ed	Flashfires
5ed	Game of Chaos
5ed	Giant Strength
5ed	Goblin Digging Team
5ed	Goblin Hero
5ed	Goblin King
5ed	Goblin War Drums
5ed	Goblin Warrens
5ed	The Wretched
5ed	Hill Giant
5ed	Fear
5ed	Hurloon Minotaur
5ed	Imposing Visage
5ed	Incinerate
5ed	Inferno
5ed	Ironclaw Curse
5ed	Ironclaw Orcs
5ed	Jokulhaups
5ed	Keldon Warlord
5ed	Mana Clash
5ed	Mana Flare
5ed	Frozen Shade
5ed	Manabarbs
5ed	Mons's Goblin Raiders
5ed	Mountain Goat
5ed	Orcish Artillery
5ed	Orcish Captain
5ed	Orcish Conscripts
5ed	Orcish Farmer
5ed	Orcish Oriflamme
5ed	Orcish Squatters
5ed	Orgg
5ed	Funeral March
5ed	Panic
5ed	Primordial Ooze
5ed	Pyroblast
5ed	Pyrotechnics
5ed	Sabretooth Tiger
5ed	Shatter
5ed	Shatterstorm
5ed	Shivan Dragon
5ed	Smoke
5ed	Stone Giant
5ed	Gloom
5ed	Stone Rain
5ed	Stone Spirit
5ed	The Brute
5ed	Wall of Fire
5ed	Wall of Stone
5ed	Winds of Change
5ed	Word of Blasting
5ed	Abbey Gargoyles
5ed	Akron Legionnaire
5ed	Alabaster Potion
5ed	Greater Werewolf
5ed	Angry Mob
5ed	Animate Wall
5ed	Arenson's Aura
5ed	Armageddon
5ed	Armor of Faith
5ed	Aysen Bureaucrats
5ed	Benalish Hero
5ed	Blessed Wine
5ed	Blinking Spirit
5ed	Brainwash
5ed	Hecatomb
5ed	Caribou Range
5ed	Castle
5ed	Circle of Protection: Artifacts
5ed	Circle of Protection: Black
5ed	Circle of Protection: Blue
5ed	Circle of Protection: Green
5ed	Circle of Protection: Red
5ed	Circle of Protection: White
5ed	Crusade
5ed	D'Avenant Archer
5ed	Ashes to Ashes
5ed	Howl from Beyond
5ed	Death Speakers
5ed	Death Ward
5ed	Disenchant
5ed	Divine Offering
5ed	Divine Transformation
5ed	Dust to Dust
5ed	Eye for an Eye
5ed	Greater Realm of Preservation
5ed	Heal
5ed	Healing Salve
5ed	Initiates of the Ebon Hand
5ed	Hipparion
5ed	Holy Strength
5ed	Icatian Phalanx
5ed	Icatian Scout
5ed	Icatian Town
5ed	Island Sanctuary
5ed	Ivory Guardians
5ed	Karma
5ed	Kismet
5ed	Kjeldoran Dead
5ed	Kjeldoran Royal Guard
5ed	Kjeldoran Skycaptain
5ed	Mesa Falcon
5ed	Mesa Pegasus
5ed	Order of the Sacred Torch
5ed	Order of the White Shield
5ed	Pearled Unicorn
5ed	Personal Incarnation
5ed	Pikemen
5ed	Prismatic Ward
5ed	Knight of Stromgald
5ed	Repentant Blacksmith
5ed	Reverse Damage
5ed	Righteousness
5ed	Sacred Boon
5ed	Samite Healer
5ed	Serra Bestiary
5ed	Serra Paladin
5ed	Shield Wall
5ed	Krovikan Fetish
5ed	Spirit Link
5ed	Truce
5ed	Tundra Wolves
5ed	Wall of Swords
5ed	White Knight
5ed	Wrath of God
5ed	Aladdin's Ring
5ed	Amulet of Kroog
5ed	Ankh of Mishra
5ed	Ashnod's Altar
5ed	Leshrac's Rite
5ed	Ashnod's Transmogrant
5ed	Barbed Sextant
5ed	Barl's Cage
5ed	Battering Ram
5ed	Bottle of Suleiman
5ed	Clay Statue
5ed	Clockwork Beast
5ed	Clockwork Steed
5ed	Colossus of Sardia
5ed	Coral Helm
5ed	Lord of the Pit
5ed	Crown of the Ages
5ed	Crystal Rod
5ed	Dancing Scimitar
5ed	Diabolic Machine
5ed	Dingus Egg
5ed	Disrupting Scepter
5ed	Dragon Engine
5ed	Elkin Bottle
5ed	Feldon's Cane
5ed	Fellwar Stone
5ed	Lost Soul
5ed	Feroz's Ban
5ed	Flying Carpet
5ed	Fountain of Youth
5ed	Gauntlets of Chaos
5ed	Glasses of Urza
5ed	Grapeshot Catapult
5ed	Helm of Chatzuk
5ed	Howling Mine
5ed	Infinite Hourglass
5ed	Iron Star
5ed	Mind Ravel
5ed	Ivory Cup
5ed	Jade Monolith
5ed	Jalum Tome
5ed	Jandor's Saddlebags
5ed	Jayemdae Tome
5ed	Jester's Cap
5ed	Joven's Tools
5ed	Library of Leng
5ed	Mana Vault
5ed	Meekstone
5ed	Mind Warp
5ed	Millstone
5ed	Nevinyrral's Disk
5ed	Obelisk of Undoing
5ed	Ornithopter
5ed	Pentagram of the Ages
5ed	Primal Clay
5ed	Rod of Ruin
5ed	Serpent Generator
5ed	Shapeshifter
5ed	Skull Catapult
5ed	Bad Moon
5ed	Shield Bearer
5ed	Mindstab Thrull
5ed	Soul Net
5ed	Tawnos's Weaponry
5ed	The Hive
5ed	Throne of Bone
5ed	Time Bomb
5ed	Urza's Avenger
5ed	Urza's Bauble
5ed	Wall of Spears
5ed	Winter Orb
5ed	Wooden Sphere
5ed	Mole Worms
5ed	Adarkar Wastes
5ed	Bottomless Vault
5ed	Brushland
5ed	City of Brass
5ed	Dwarven Hold
5ed	Dwarven Ruins
5ed	Ebon Stronghold
5ed	Forest
5ed	Murk Dwellers
5ed	Havenwood Battleground
5ed	Hollow Trees
5ed	Icatian Store
5ed	Ice Floe
5ed	Island
5ed	Karplusan Forest
5ed	Necrite
5ed	Mountain
5ed	Plains
5ed	Ruins of Trokair
5ed	Sand Silos
5ed	Necropotence
5ed	Sulfurous Springs
5ed	Svyelunite Temple
5ed	Swamp
5ed	Underground River
5ed	Urza's Mine
5ed	Urza's Power Plant
5ed	Urza's Tower
5ed	Nether Shadow
5ed	Nightmare
5ed	Paralyze
5ed	Pestilence
5ed	Pit Scorpion
5ed	Black Knight
5ed	Plague Rats
5ed	Pox
5ed	Rag Man
5ed	Raise Dead
5ed	Scathe Zombies
5ed	Sengir Autocrat
5ed	Sorceress Queen
5ed	Stromgald Cabal
5ed	Terror
5ed	Blight
5ed	Justice
5ed	Thrull Retainer
5ed	Torture
5ed	Touch of Death
5ed	Unholy Strength
5ed	Vampire Bats
5ed	Wall of Bone
5ed	Warp Artifact
5ed	Weakness
5ed	Xenic Poltergeist
5ed	Zombie Master
5ed	Bog Imp
5ed	Aether Storm
5ed	Air Elemental
5ed	Anti-Magic Aura
5ed	Azure Drake
5ed	Binding Grasp
5ed	Boomerang
5ed	Brainstorm
5ed	Counterspell
5ed	Dance of Many
5ed	Dandân
5ed	Bog Rats
5ed	Dark Maze
5ed	Deflection
5ed	Drain Power
5ed	Energy Flux
5ed	Enervate
5ed	Feedback
5ed	Flight
5ed	Flood
5ed	Force Spike
5ed	Forget
5ed	Bog Wraith
5ed	Gaseous Form
5ed	Glacial Wall
5ed	Homarid Warrior
5ed	Hurkyl's Recall
5ed	Hydroblast
5ed	Juxtapose
5ed	Krovikan Sorcerer
5ed	Labyrinth Minotaur
5ed	Leviathan
5ed	Lifetap
4ed	Abomination
4ed	Blessing
4ed	Cosmic Horror
4ed	Sindbad
4ed	Siren's Call
4ed	Sleight of Mind
4ed	Spell Blast
4ed	Stasis
4ed	Steal Artifact
4ed	Sunken City
4ed	Thoughtlace
4ed	Time Elemental
4ed	Twiddle
4ed	Cursed Land
4ed	Unstable Mutation
4ed	Unsummon
4ed	Volcanic Eruption
4ed	Wall of Air
4ed	Wall of Water
4ed	Water Elemental
4ed	Zephyr Falcon
4ed	Aspect of Wolf
4ed	Birds of Paradise
4ed	Carnivorous Plant
4ed	Cyclopean Mummy
4ed	Channel
4ed	Cockatrice
4ed	Craw Wurm
4ed	Crumble
4ed	Desert Twister
4ed	Durkwood Boars
4ed	Elven Riders
4ed	Elvish Archers
4ed	Fog
4ed	Force of Nature
4ed	Dark Ritual
4ed	Fungusaur
4ed	Gaea's Liege
4ed	Giant Growth
4ed	Giant Spider
4ed	Grizzly Bears
4ed	Hurricane
4ed	Instill Energy
4ed	Ironroot Treefolk
4ed	Killer Bees
4ed	Land Leeches
4ed	Deathgrip
4ed	Ley Druid
4ed	Lifeforce
4ed	Lifelace
4ed	Tunnel
4ed	Living Artifact
4ed	Living Lands
4ed	Llanowar Elves
4ed	Lure
4ed	Marsh Viper
4ed	Nafs Asp
4ed	Pradesh Gypsies
4ed	Deathlace
4ed	Radjan Spirit
4ed	Regeneration
4ed	Sandstorm
4ed	Scryb Sprites
4ed	Shanodin Dryads
4ed	Stream of Life
4ed	Sylvan Library
4ed	Thicket Basilisk
4ed	Timber Wolves
4ed	Drain Life
4ed	Titania's Song
4ed	Tranquility
4ed	Tsunami
4ed	Untamed Wilds
4ed	Verduran Enchantress
4ed	Wall of Brambles
4ed	Wall of Ice
4ed	Wall of Wood
4ed	Wanderlust
4ed	Drudge Skeletons
4ed	War Mammoth
4ed	Web
4ed	Whirling Dervish
4ed	Wild Growth
4ed	Winter Blast
4ed	Forest
4ed	Island
4ed	El-Hajjâj
4ed	Mishra's Factory
4ed	Mountain
4ed	Oasis
4ed	Plains
4ed	Strip Mine
4ed	Erg Raiders
4ed	Swamp
4ed	Ali Baba
4ed	Ball Lightning
4ed	Bird Maiden
4ed	Blood Lust
4ed	Brothers of Fire
4ed	Burrowing
4ed	Cave People
4ed	Animate Dead
4ed	Seeker
4ed	Evil Presence
4ed	Chaoslace
4ed	Crimson Manticore
4ed	Detonate
4ed	Disintegrate
4ed	Dragon Whelp
4ed	Dwarven Warriors
4ed	Earth Elemental
4ed	Earthquake
4ed	Eternal Warrior
4ed	Fire Elemental
4ed	Fear
4ed	Fireball
4ed	Firebreathing
4ed	Fissure
4ed	Flashfires
4ed	Giant Strength
4ed	Goblin Balloon Brigade
4ed	Goblin King
4ed	Goblin Rock Sled
4ed	Gray Ogre
4ed	Hill Giant
4ed	Frozen Shade
4ed	Hurloon Minotaur
4ed	Hurr Jackal
4ed	Immolation
4ed	Inferno
4ed	Ironclaw Orcs
4ed	Keldon Warlord
4ed	Lightning Bolt
4ed	Magnetic Mountain
4ed	Mana Clash
4ed	Mana Flare
4ed	Gloom
4ed	Manabarbs
4ed	Mons's Goblin Raiders
4ed	Orcish Artillery
4ed	Orcish Oriflamme
4ed	Power Surge
4ed	Pyrotechnics
4ed	Red Elemental Blast
4ed	Shatter
4ed	Shivan Dragon
4ed	Sisters of the Flame
4ed	Greed
4ed	Smoke
4ed	Stone Giant
4ed	Stone Rain
4ed	Tempest Efreet
4ed	The Brute
4ed	Uthden Troll
4ed	Wall of Dust
4ed	Wall of Fire
4ed	Wall of Stone
4ed	Howl from Beyond
4ed	Winds of Change
4ed	Alabaster Potion
4ed	Amrou Kithkin
4ed	Angry Mob
4ed	Animate Wall
4ed	Armageddon
4ed	Balance
4ed	Benalish Hero
4ed	Black Ward
4ed	Hypnotic Specter
4ed	Blue Ward
4ed	Brainwash
4ed	Castle
4ed	Circle of Protection: Artifacts
4ed	Circle of Protection: Black
4ed	Circle of Protection: Blue
4ed	Circle of Protection: Green
4ed	Circle of Protection: Red
4ed	Circle of Protection: White
4ed	Conversion
4ed	Junún Efreet
4ed	Crusade
4ed	Death Ward
4ed	Disenchant
4ed	Divine Transformation
4ed	Elder Land Wurm
4ed	Eye for an Eye
4ed	Fortified Area
4ed	Green Ward
4ed	Healing Salve
4ed	Holy Armor
4ed	Lord of the Pit
4ed	Holy Strength
4ed	Island Sanctuary
4ed	Karma
4ed	Kismet
4ed	Land Tax
4ed	Mesa Pegasus
4ed	Northern Paladin
4ed	Morale
4ed	Osai Vultures
4ed	Pearled Unicorn
4ed	Lost Soul
4ed	Personal Incarnation
4ed	Piety
4ed	Pikemen
4ed	Purelace
4ed	Red Ward
4ed	Reverse Damage
4ed	Righteousness
4ed	Samite Healer
4ed	Savannah Lions
4ed	Ashes to Ashes
4ed	Marsh Gas
4ed	Serra Angel
4ed	Spirit Link
4ed	Swords to Plowshares
4ed	Tundra Wolves
4ed	Wall of Swords
4ed	White Knight
4ed	White Ward
4ed	Wrath of God
4ed	Aladdin's Lamp
4ed	Mind Twist
4ed	Aladdin's Ring
4ed	Amulet of Kroog
4ed	Ankh of Mishra
4ed	Armageddon Clock
4ed	Ashnod's Battle Gear
4ed	Battering Ram
4ed	Black Mana Battery
4ed	Black Vise
4ed	Blue Mana Battery
4ed	Bottle of Suleiman
4ed	Murk Dwellers
4ed	Brass Man
4ed	Bronze Tablet
4ed	Celestial Prism
4ed	Clay Statue
4ed	Clockwork Avian
4ed	Clockwork Beast
4ed	Colossus of Sardia
4ed	Conservator
4ed	Coral Helm
4ed	Crystal Rod
4ed	Nether Shadow
4ed	Cursed Rack
4ed	Dancing Scimitar
4ed	Diabolic Machine
4ed	Dingus Egg
4ed	Disrupting Scepter
4ed	Dragon Engine
4ed	Ebony Horse
4ed	Fellwar Stone
4ed	Flying Carpet
4ed	Glasses of Urza
4ed	Nightmare
4ed	Grapeshot Catapult
4ed	Green Mana Battery
4ed	Helm of Chatzuk
4ed	Howling Mine
4ed	Iron Star
4ed	Ivory Cup
4ed	Ivory Tower
4ed	Jade Monolith
4ed	Jandor's Saddlebags
4ed	Jayemdae Tome
4ed	Paralyze
4ed	Kormus Bell
4ed	Library of Leng
4ed	Mana Vault
4ed	Meekstone
4ed	Millstone
4ed	Mishra's War Machine
4ed	Nevinyrral's Disk
4ed	Obsianus Golem
4ed	Onulet
4ed	Ornithopter
4ed	Pestilence
4ed	Visions
4ed	Primal Clay
4ed	Red Mana Battery
4ed	Rod of Ruin
4ed	Shapeshifter
4ed	Soul Net
4ed	Sunglasses of Urza
4ed	Tawnos's Wand
4ed	Tawnos's Weaponry
4ed	Tetravus
4ed	The Hive
4ed	Pit Scorpion
4ed	The Rack
4ed	Throne of Bone
4ed	Triskelion
4ed	Urza's Avenger
4ed	Rebirth
4ed	Wall of Spears
4ed	White Mana Battery
4ed	Winter Orb
4ed	Wooden Sphere
4ed	Yotian Soldier
4ed	Plague Rats
4ed	Rag Man
4ed	Bad Moon
4ed	Raise Dead
4ed	Royal Assassin
4ed	Scathe Zombies
4ed	Scavenging Ghoul
4ed	Sengir Vampire
4ed	Simulacrum
4ed	Sorceress Queen
4ed	Spirit Shackle
4ed	Terror
4ed	Uncle Istvan
4ed	Black Knight
4ed	Unholy Strength
4ed	Vampire Bats
4ed	Wall of Bone
4ed	Warp Artifact
4ed	Weakness
4ed	Will-o'-the-Wisp
4ed	Word of Binding
4ed	Xenic Poltergeist
4ed	Zombie Master
4ed	Air Elemental
4ed	Blight
4ed	Animate Artifact
4ed	Apprentice Wizard
4ed	Backfire
4ed	Blue Elemental Blast
4ed	Control Magic
4ed	Counterspell
4ed	Creature Bond
4ed	Drain Power
4ed	Energy Flux
4ed	Energy Tap
4ed	Bog Imp
4ed	Erosion
4ed	Feedback
4ed	Flight
4ed	Flood
4ed	Gaseous Form
4ed	Ghost Ship
4ed	Giant Tortoise
4ed	Hurkyl's Recall
4ed	Island Fish Jasconius
4ed	Jump
4ed	Bog Wraith
4ed	Leviathan
4ed	Lifetap
4ed	Lord of Atlantis
4ed	Magical Hack
4ed	Mahamoti Djinn
4ed	Mana Short
4ed	Merfolk of the Pearl Trident
4ed	Mind Bomb
4ed	Phantasmal Forces
4ed	Phantasmal Terrain
4ed	Carrion Ants
4ed	Phantom Monster
4ed	Pirate Ship
4ed	Power Leak
4ed	Power Sink
4ed	Prodigal Sorcerer
4ed	Psionic Entity
4ed	Psychic Venom
4ed	Venom
4ed	Relic Bind
4ed	Sea Serpent
4ed	Segovian Leviathan
fnmp	River Boa
fnmp	Terror
fnmp	Longbow Archer
fnmp	Volcanic Geyser
fnmp	Mind Warp
fnmp	Shock
fnmp	Staunch Defenders
fnmp	Giant Growth
fnmp	Prodigal Sorcerer
fnmp	Stone Rain
fnmp	Llanowar Elves
fnmp	Swords to Plowshares
fnmp	Ophidian
fnmp	Jackal Pup
fnmp	Quirion Ranger
fnmp	Carnophage
fnmp	Impulse
fnmp	Fireblast
fnmp	Soltari Priest
fnmp	Albino Troll
fnmp	Dissipate
fnmp	Black Knight
fnmp	Wall of Blossoms
fnmp	Fireslinger
fnmp	Drain Life
fnmp	Aura of Silence
fnmp	Forbid
fnmp	Spike Feeder
fnmp	Mogg Fanatic
fnmp	White Knight
fnmp	Disenchant
fnmp	Bottle Gnomes
fnmp	Muscle Sliver
fnmp	Crystalline Sliver
fnmp	Capsize
fnmp	Priest of Titania
fnmp	Goblin Bombardment
fnmp	Scragnoth
fnmp	Smother
fnmp	Whipcorder
fnmp	Sparksmith
fnmp	Krosan Tusker
fnmp	Withered Wretch
fnmp	Willbender
fnmp	Slice and Dice
fnmp	Silver Knight
fnmp	Krosan Warchief
fnmp	Lightning Rift
fnmp	Carrion Feeder
fnmp	Treetop Village
fnmp	Accumulated Knowledge
fnmp	Avalanche Riders
fnmp	Reanimate
fnmp	Mother of Runes
fnmp	Brainstorm
fnmp	Rancor
fnmp	Seal of Cleansing
fnmp	Flametongue Kavu
fnmp	Blastoderm
fnmp	Cabal Therapy
fnmp	Fact or Fiction
fnmp	Juggernaut
fnmp	Circle of Protection: Red
fnmp	Kird Ape
fnmp	Duress
fnmp	Counterspell
fnmp	Icy Manipulator
fnmp	Elves of Deep Shadow
fnmp	Armadillo Cloak
fnmp	Terminate
fnmp	Lobotomy
fnmp	Goblin Warchief
fnmp	Wild Mongrel
fnmp	Chainer's Edict
fnmp	Circular Logic
fnmp	Astral Slide
fnmp	Arrogant Wurm
fnmp	Life
fnmp	Death
fnmp	Fire
fnmp	Ice
fnmp	Firebolt
fnmp	Deep Analysis
fnmp	Gerrard's Verdict
fnmp	Basking Rootwalla
fnmp	Wonder
fnmp	Goblin Legionnaire
fnmp	Engineered Plague
fnmp	Goblin Ringleader
fnmp	Wing Shards
fnmp	Cabal Coffers
fnmp	Roar of the Wurm
fnmp	Force Spike
fnmp	Remand
fnmp	Tormod's Crypt
fnmp	Eternal Witness
fnmp	Tendrils of Agony
fnmp	Pendelhaven
fnmp	Resurrection
fnmp	Wall of Roots
fnmp	Desert
fnmp	Thirst for Knowledge
fnmp	Serrated Arrows
fnmp	Isochron Scepter
fnmp	Shrapnel Blast
fnmp	Magma Jet
fnmp	Myr Enforcer
fnmp	Kitchen Finks
fnmp	Merrow Reejerey
fnmp	Wren's Run Vanquisher
fnmp	Mulldrifter
fnmp	Murderous Redcap
fnmp	Lightning Greaves
fnmp	Watchwolf
fnmp	Browbeat
fnmp	Oblivion Ring
fnmp	Sakura-Tribe Elder
fnmp	Tidehollow Sculler
fnmp	Ghostly Prison
fnmp	Ancient Ziggurat
fnmp	Bloodbraid Elf
fnmp	Cloudpost
fnmp	Elvish Visionary
fnmp	Anathemancer
fnmp	Krosan Grip
fnmp	Qasali Pridemage
fnmp	Rift Bolt
fnmp	Gatekeeper of Malakir
fnmp	Wild Nacatl
fnmp	Everflowing Chalice
fnmp	Spellstutter Sprite
fnmp	Wall of Omens
fnmp	Artisan of Kozilek
fnmp	Squadron Hawk
fnmp	Rhox War Monk
fnmp	Jace's Ingenuity
fnmp	Cultivate
fnmp	Teetering Peaks
fnmp	Contagion Clasp
fnmp	Go for the Throat
fnmp	Savage Lands
fnmp	Glistener Elf
fnmp	Despise
fnmp	Tectonic Edge
fnmp	Dismember
fnmp	Ancient Grudge
fnmp	Acidic Slime
fnmp	Forbidden Alchemy
fnmp	Avacyn's Pilgrim
fnmp	Lingering Souls
fnmp	Evolving Wilds
fnmp	Pillar of Flame
fnmp	Gitaxian Probe
fnmp	Searing Spear
fnmp	Reliquary Tower
fnmp	Farseek
fnmp	Call of the Conclave
fnmp	Judge's Familiar
fnmp	Izzet Charm
fnmp	Rakdos Cackler
fnmp	Dimir Charm
fnmp	Experiment One
fnmp	Ghor-Clan Rampager
fnmp	Grisly Salvage
fnmp	Sin Collector
fnmp	Warleader's Helix
fnmp	Elvish Mystic
fnmp	Banisher Priest
fnmp	Encroaching Wastes
fnmp	Tormented Hero
fnmp	Dissolve
fnmp	Magma Spray
fnmp	Bile Blight
fnmp	Banishing Light
fnmp	Fanatic of Xenagos
fnmp	Brain Maggot
fnmp	Stoke the Flames
fnmp	Frenzied Goblin
fnmp	Disdainful Stroke
fnmp	Hordeling Outburst
fnmp	Suspension Field
fnmp	Abzan Beastmaster
fnmp	Frost Walker
fnmp	Path to Exile
fnmp	Serum Visions
fnmp	Orator of Ojutai
fnmp	Ultimate Price
fnmp	Roast
fnmp	Anticipate
fnmp	Nissa's Pilgrimage
fnmp	Clash of Wills
fnmp	Smash to Smithereens
fnmp	Blighted Fen
fnmp	Goblin Warchief
fnmp	Sylvan Scrying
fnmp	Spatial Contortion
fnmp	Crumbling Vestige
fnmp	Flaying Tendrils
fnmp	Rise from the Tides
fnmp	Fiery Temper
fnmp	Call the Bloodline
fnmp	Noose Constrictor
fnmp	Fortune's Favor
fnmp	Incendiary Flow
fnmp	Servo Exhibition
fnmp	Unlicensed Disintegration
fnmp	Aether Hub
fnmp	Reverse Engineer
fnmp	Fatal Push
fnmp	Renegade Rallier
v15	Akroma, Angel of Fury
v15	Akroma, Angel of Wrath
v15	Archangel of Strife
v15	Aurelia, the Warleader
v15	Avacyn, Angel of Hope
v15	Baneslayer Angel
v15	Entreat the Angels
v15	Exalted Angel
v15	Iona, Shield of Emeria
v15	Iridescent Angel
v15	Jenara, Asura of War
v15	Lightning Angel
v15	Platinum Angel
v15	Serra Angel
v15	Tariel, Reckoner of Souls
v14	Armageddon
v14	Burning of Xinye
v14	Cataclysm
v14	Child of Alara
v14	Decree of Annihilation
v14	Firespout
v14	Fracturing Gust
v14	Living Death
v14	Martial Coup
v14	Rolling Earthquake
v14	Smokestack
v14	Terminus
v14	Upheaval
v14	Virtue's Ruin
v14	Wrath of God
drb	Bladewing the Risen
drb	Bogardan Hellkite
drb	Draco
drb	Dragon Whelp
drb	Dragonstorm
drb	Ebon Dragon
drb	Form of the Dragon
drb	Hellkite Overlord
drb	Kokusho, the Evening Star
drb	Nicol Bolas
drb	Niv-Mizzet, the Firemind
drb	Rith, the Awakener
drb	Shivan Dragon
drb	Thunder Dragon
drb	Two-Headed Dragon
v09	Balance
v09	Berserk
v09	Channel
v09	Gifts Ungiven
v09	Goblin Lackey
v09	Kird Ape
v09	Lotus Petal
v09	Mystical Tutor
v09	Necropotence
v09	Sensei's Divining Top
v09	Serendib Efreet
v09	Skullclamp
v09	Strip Mine
v09	Tinker
v09	Trinisphere
v11	Cao Cao, Lord of Wei
v11	Captain Sisay
v11	Doran, the Siege Tower
v11	Kiki-Jiki, Mirror Breaker
v11	Kresh the Bloodbraided
v11	Mikaeus, the Lunarch
v11	Omnath, Locus of Mana
v11	Oona, Queen of the Fae
v11	Progenitus
v11	Rafiq of the Many
v11	Sharuum the Hegemon
v11	Sun Quan, Lord of Wu
v11	Teferi, Mage of Zhalfir
v11	Ulamog, the Infinite Gyre
v11	Visara the Dreadful
v16	Beseech the Queen
v16	Cabal Ritual
v16	Conflux
v16	Dark Depths
v16	Glissa, the Traitor
v16	Helvault
v16	Memnarch
v16	Mind's Desire
v16	Momir Vig, Simic Visionary
v16	Near-Death Experience
v16	Obliterate
v16	Phyrexian Processor
v16	Tolaria West
v16	Umezawa's Jitte
v16	Unmask
v12	Ancient Tomb
v12	Boseiju, Who Shelters All
v12	Cephalid Coliseum
v12	Desert
v12	Dryad Arbor
v12	Forbidden Orchard
v12	Glacial Chasm
v12	Grove of the Burnwillows
v12	High Market
v12	Maze of Ith
v12	Murmuring Bosk
v12	Shivan Gorge
v12	Urborg, Tomb of Yawgmoth
v12	Vesuva
v12	Windbrisk Heights
v10	Aether Vial
v10	Black Vise
v10	Isochron Scepter
v10	Ivory Tower
v10	Jester's Cap
v10	Karn, Silver Golem
v10	Masticore
v10	Memory Jar
v10	Mirari
v10	Mox Diamond
v10	Nevinyrral's Disk
v10	Sol Ring
v10	Sundering Titan
v10	Sword of Body and Mind
v10	Zuran Orb
v13	Dark Ritual
v13	Swords to Plowshares
v13	Hymn to Tourach
v13	Fyndhorn Elves
v13	Impulse
v13	Wall of Blossoms
v13	Thran Dynamo
v13	Tangle Wire
v13	Fact or Fiction
v13	Chainer's Edict
v13	Akroma's Vengeance
v13	Gilded Lotus
v13	Ink-Eyes, Servant of Oni
v13	Char
v13	Venser, Shaper Savant
v13	Chameleon Colossus
v13	Cruel Ultimatum
v13	Jace, the Mind Sculptor
v13	Green Sun's Zenith
v13	Kessig Wolf Run
fut	Angel of Salvation
fut	Knight of Sursi
fut	Haze of Rage
fut	Magus of the Moon
fut	Molten Disaster
fut	Pact of the Titan
fut	Pyromancer's Swath
fut	Riddle of Lightning
fut	Rift Elemental
fut	Scourge of Kher Ridges
fut	Shivan Sand-Mage
fut	Sparkspitter
fut	Lost Auramancers
fut	Bloodshot Trainee
fut	Boldwyr Intimidator
fut	Emblem of the Warmind
fut	Flowstone Embrace
fut	Fomori Nomad
fut	Ghostfire
fut	Grinning Ignus
fut	Henchfiend of Ukor
fut	Homing Sliver
fut	Shah of Naar Isle
fut	Magus of the Moat
fut	Skizzik Surger
fut	Steamflogger Boss
fut	Storm Entity
fut	Tarox Bladewing
fut	Thunderblade Charge
fut	Cyclical Evolution
fut	Force of Savagery
fut	Heartwood Storyteller
fut	Kavu Primarch
fut	Llanowar Augur
fut	Marshaling Cry
fut	Llanowar Empath
fut	Llanowar Mentor
fut	Magus of the Vineyard
fut	Petrified Plating
fut	Quiet Disrepair
fut	Ravaging Riftwurm
fut	Riftsweeper
fut	Rites of Flourishing
fut	Sprout Swarm
fut	Summoner's Pact
fut	Saltskitter
fut	Utopia Mycon
fut	Wrap in Vigor
fut	Baru, Fist of Krosa
fut	Centaur Omenreader
fut	Edge of Autumn
fut	Imperiosaur
fut	Muraganda Petroglyphs
fut	Nacatl War-Pride
fut	Nessian Courser
fut	Phosphorescent Feast
fut	Samite Censer-Bearer
fut	Quagnoth
fut	Spellwild Ouphe
fut	Sporoloth Ancient
fut	Tarmogoyf
fut	Thornweald Archer
fut	Virulent Sliver
fut	Glittering Wish
fut	Jhoira of the Ghitu
fut	Sliver Legion
fut	Akroma's Memorial
fut	Scout's Warning
fut	Cloud Key
fut	Coalition Relic
fut	Epochrasite
fut	Sliversmith
fut	Soultether Golem
fut	Sword of the Meek
fut	Veilstone Amulet
fut	Darksteel Garrison
fut	Whetwheel
fut	Dakmor Salvage
fut	Spirit en-Dal
fut	Keldon Megaliths
fut	Llanowar Reborn
fut	New Benalia
fut	Tolaria West
fut	Dryad Arbor
fut	Graven Cairns
fut	Grove of the Burnwillows
fut	Horizon Canopy
fut	Nimbus Maze
fut	River of Tears
fut	Aven Mindcensor
fut	Zoetic Cavern
fut	Blade of the Sixth Pride
fut	Augur il-Vec
fut	Bound in Silence
fut	Daybreak Coronet
fut	Goldmeadow Lookout
fut	Imperial Mask
fut	Lucent Liminid
fut	Lumithread Field
fut	Lymph Sliver
fut	Mistmeadow Skulk
fut	Oriss, Samite Guardian
fut	Patrician's Scorn
fut	Barren Glory
fut	Ramosian Revivalist
fut	Seht's Tiger
fut	Aven Augur
fut	Cloudseeder
fut	Cryptic Annelid
fut	Delay
fut	Foresee
fut	Infiltrator il-Kor
fut	Leaden Fists
fut	Maelstrom Djinn
fut	Chronomantic Escape
fut	Magus of the Future
fut	Mystic Speculation
fut	Pact of Negation
fut	Reality Strobe
fut	Take Possession
fut	Unblinking Bleb
fut	Venser, Shaper Savant
fut	Venser's Diffusion
fut	Arcanum Wings
fut	Blind Phantasm
fut	Dust of Moments
fut	Bonded Fetch
fut	Linessa, Zephyr Mage
fut	Logic Knot
fut	Mesmeric Sliver
fut	Narcomoeba
fut	Nix
fut	Sarcomite Myr
fut	Second Wind
fut	Shapeshifter's Marrow
fut	Spellweaver Volute
fut	Even the Odds
fut	Spin into Myth
fut	Vedalken Aethermage
fut	Whip-Spine Drake
fut	Augur of Skulls
fut	Cutthroat il-Dal
fut	Festering March
fut	Gibbering Descent
fut	Grave Peril
fut	Ichor Slick
fut	Lost Hours
fut	Gift of Granite
fut	Magus of the Abyss
fut	Minions' Murmurs
fut	Nihilith
fut	Oblivion Crown
fut	Pooling Venom
fut	Putrid Cyclops
fut	Shimian Specter
fut	Skirk Ridge Exhumer
fut	Slaughter Pact
fut	Stronghold Rats
fut	Intervention Pact
fut	Bitter Ordeal
fut	Bridge from Below
fut	Death Rattle
fut	Deepcavern Imp
fut	Fleshwrither
fut	Frenzy Sliver
fut	Grave Scrabbler
fut	Korlash, Heir to Blackblade
fut	Mass of Ghouls
fut	Snake Cult Initiation
fut	Judge Unworthy
fut	Street Wraith
fut	Tombstalker
fut	Witch's Mist
fut	Yixlid Jailer
fut	Arc Blade
fut	Bogardan Lancer
fut	Char-Rumbler
fut	Emberwilde Augur
fut	Fatal Attraction
fut	Gathan Raiders
gtc	Aerial Maneuver
gtc	Debtor's Pulpit
gtc	Massive Raid
gtc	Molten Primordial
gtc	Mugging
gtc	Ripscale Predator
gtc	Scorchwalker
gtc	Skinbrand Goblin
gtc	Skullcrack
gtc	Structural Collapse
gtc	Tin Street Market
gtc	Towering Thunderfist
gtc	Dutiful Thrull
gtc	Viashino Shanktail
gtc	Warmind Infantry
gtc	Wrecking Ogre
gtc	Adaptive Snapjaw
gtc	Alpha Authority
gtc	Burst of Strength
gtc	Crocanura
gtc	Crowned Ceratok
gtc	Disciple of the Old Ways
gtc	Experiment One
gtc	Frontline Medic
gtc	Forced Adaptation
gtc	Giant Adephage
gtc	Greenside Watcher
gtc	Gyre Sage
gtc	Hindervines
gtc	Ivy Lane Denizen
gtc	Miming Slime
gtc	Naturalize
gtc	Ooze Flux
gtc	Predator's Rapport
gtc	Gideon, Champion of Justice
gtc	Rust Scarab
gtc	Scab-Clan Charger
gtc	Serene Remembrance
gtc	Skarrg Goliath
gtc	Slaughterhorn
gtc	Spire Tracer
gtc	Sylvan Primordial
gtc	Tower Defense
gtc	Verdant Haven
gtc	Wasteland Viper
gtc	Guardian of the Gateless
gtc	Wildwood Rebirth
gtc	Alms Beast
gtc	Assemble the Legion
gtc	Aurelia, the Warleader
gtc	Aurelia's Fury
gtc	Bane Alley Broker
gtc	Biovisionary
gtc	Borborygmos Enraged
gtc	Boros Charm
gtc	Call of the Nightwing
gtc	Guildscorn Ward
gtc	Cartel Aristocrat
gtc	Clan Defiance
gtc	Consuming Aberration
gtc	Deathpact Angel
gtc	Dimir Charm
gtc	Dinrova Horror
gtc	Domri Rade
gtc	Drakewing Krasis
gtc	Duskmantle Guildmage
gtc	Duskmantle Seer
gtc	Hold the Gates
gtc	Elusive Krasis
gtc	Executioner's Swing
gtc	Fathom Mage
gtc	Firemane Avenger
gtc	Fortress Cyclops
gtc	Foundry Champion
gtc	Frenzied Tilling
gtc	Ghor-Clan Rampager
gtc	Ground Assault
gtc	Gruul Charm
gtc	Holy Mantle
gtc	Gruul Ragebeast
gtc	High Priest of Penance
gtc	Hydroform
gtc	Kingpin's Pet
gtc	Lazav, Dimir Mastermind
gtc	Martial Glory
gtc	Master Biomancer
gtc	Merciless Eviction
gtc	Mind Grind
gtc	Mortus Strider
gtc	Knight of Obligation
gtc	Mystic Genesis
gtc	Nimbus Swimmer
gtc	Obzedat, Ghost Council
gtc	One Thousand Lashes
gtc	Ordruun Veteran
gtc	Orzhov Charm
gtc	Paranoid Delusions
gtc	Primal Visitation
gtc	Prime Speaker Zegana
gtc	Psychic Strike
gtc	Knight Watch
gtc	Purge the Profane
gtc	Rubblehulk
gtc	Ruination Wurm
gtc	Shambleshark
gtc	Signal the Clans
gtc	Simic Charm
gtc	Skarrg Guildmage
gtc	Skyknight Legionnaire
gtc	Soul Ransom
gtc	Spark Trooper
gtc	Angelic Edict
gtc	Luminate Primordial
gtc	Sunhome Guildmage
gtc	Treasury Thrull
gtc	Truefire Paladin
gtc	Unexpected Results
gtc	Urban Evolution
gtc	Vizkopa Confessor
gtc	Vizkopa Guildmage
gtc	Whispering Madness
gtc	Wojek Halberdiers
gtc	Zameck Guildmage
gtc	Murder Investigation
gtc	Zhur-Taa Swine
gtc	Arrows of Justice
gtc	Beckon Apparition
gtc	Biomass Mutation
gtc	Bioshift
gtc	Boros Reckoner
gtc	Burning-Tree Emissary
gtc	Coerced Confession
gtc	Deathcult Rogue
gtc	Gift of Orzhova
gtc	Nav Squad Commandos
gtc	Immortal Servitude
gtc	Merfolk of the Depths
gtc	Nightveil Specter
gtc	Pit Fight
gtc	Rubblebelt Raiders
gtc	Shattering Blow
gtc	Armored Transport
gtc	Boros Keyrune
gtc	Dimir Keyrune
gtc	Glaring Spotlight
gtc	Righteous Charge
gtc	Gruul Keyrune
gtc	Illusionist's Bracers
gtc	Millennial Gargoyle
gtc	Orzhov Keyrune
gtc	Prophetic Prism
gtc	Razortip Whip
gtc	Riot Gear
gtc	Simic Keyrune
gtc	Skyblinder Staff
gtc	Boros Guildgate
gtc	Shielded Passage
gtc	Breeding Pool
gtc	Dimir Guildgate
gtc	Godless Shrine
gtc	Gruul Guildgate
gtc	Orzhov Guildgate
gtc	Sacred Foundry
gtc	Simic Guildgate
gtc	Stomping Ground
gtc	Thespian's Stage
gtc	Watery Grave
gtc	Smite
gtc	Syndic of Tithes
gtc	Urbis Protector
gtc	Zarichi Tiger
gtc	Aetherize
gtc	Angelic Skirmisher
gtc	Agoraphobia
gtc	Clinging Anemones
gtc	Cloudfin Raptor
gtc	Diluvian Primordial
gtc	Enter the Infinite
gtc	Frilled Oculus
gtc	Gridlock
gtc	Hands of Binding
gtc	Incursion Specialist
gtc	Keymaster Rogue
gtc	Assault Griffin
gtc	Last Thoughts
gtc	Leyline Phantom
gtc	Metropolis Sprite
gtc	Mindeye Drake
gtc	Rapid Hybridization
gtc	Realmwright
gtc	Sage's Row Denizen
gtc	Sapphire Drake
gtc	Scatter Arc
gtc	Simic Fluxmage
gtc	Basilica Guards
gtc	Simic Manipulator
gtc	Skygames
gtc	Spell Rupture
gtc	Stolen Identity
gtc	Totally Lost
gtc	Voidwalk
gtc	Way of the Thief
gtc	Balustrade Spy
gtc	Basilica Screecher
gtc	Contaminated Ground
gtc	Blind Obedience
gtc	Corpse Blockade
gtc	Crypt Ghast
gtc	Death's Approach
gtc	Devour Flesh
gtc	Dying Wish
gtc	Gateway Shade
gtc	Grisly Spectacle
gtc	Gutter Skulk
gtc	Horror of the Dim
gtc	Illness in the Ranks
gtc	Boros Elite
gtc	Killing Glare
gtc	Lord of the Void
gtc	Mental Vapors
gtc	Midnight Recovery
gtc	Ogre Slumlord
gtc	Sepulchral Primordial
gtc	Shadow Alley Denizen
gtc	Shadow Slice
gtc	Slate Street Ruffian
gtc	Smog Elemental
gtc	Court Street Denizen
gtc	Syndicate Enforcer
gtc	Thrull Parasite
gtc	Undercity Informer
gtc	Undercity Plague
gtc	Wight of Precinct Six
gtc	Act of Treason
gtc	Bomber Corps
gtc	Cinder Elemental
gtc	Crackling Perimeter
gtc	Ember Beast
gtc	Daring Skyjek
gtc	Firefist Striker
gtc	Five-Alarm Fire
gtc	Foundry Street Denizen
gtc	Furious Resistance
gtc	Hellkite Tyrant
gtc	Hellraiser Goblin
gtc	Homing Lightning
gtc	Legion Loyalist
gtc	Madcap Skills
gtc	Mark for Death
pgpx	Spiritmonger
pgpx	Call of the Herd
pgpx	Chrome Mox
pgpx	Umezawa's Jitte
pgpx	Maelstrom Pulse
pgpx	Goblin Guide
pgpx	Lotus Cobra
pgpx	Primeval Titan
pgpx	All Is Dust
pgpx	Batterskull
pgpx	Griselbrand
pgpx	Stoneforge Mystic
pgpx	Progenitus
gpt	Absolver Thrull
gpt	Leyline of the Meek
gpt	Agent of Masks
gpt	Angel of Despair
gpt	Blind Hunter
gpt	Borborygmos
gpt	Burning-Tree Bloodscale
gpt	Burning-Tree Shaman
gpt	Castigate
gpt	Cerebral Vortex
gpt	Conjurer's Ban
gpt	Culling Sun
gpt	Lionheart Maverick
gpt	Dune-Brood Nephilim
gpt	Electrolyze
gpt	Feral Animist
gpt	Gelectrode
gpt	Ghost Council of Orzhova
gpt	Glint-Eye Nephilim
gpt	Goblin Flectomancer
gpt	Ink-Treader Nephilim
gpt	Invoke the Firemind
gpt	Izzet Chronarch
gpt	Martyred Rusalka
gpt	Killer Instinct
gpt	Leap of Flame
gpt	Mortify
gpt	Niv-Mizzet, the Firemind
gpt	Orzhov Pontiff
gpt	Pillory of the Sleepless
gpt	Rumbling Slum
gpt	Savage Twister
gpt	Scab-Clan Mauler
gpt	Schismotivate
gpt	Order of the Stars
gpt	Skarrgan Skybreaker
gpt	Souls of the Faultless
gpt	Stitch in Time
gpt	Streetbreaker Wurm
gpt	Teysa, Orzhov Scion
gpt	Tibor and Lumia
gpt	Ulasht, the Hate Seed
gpt	Wee Dragonauts
gpt	Witch-Maw Nephilim
gpt	Wreak Havoc
gpt	Shadow Lance
gpt	Yore-Tiller Nephilim
gpt	Debtors' Knell
gpt	Djinn Illuminatus
gpt	Giant Solifuge
gpt	Gruul Guildmage
gpt	Izzet Guildmage
gpt	Mourning Thrull
gpt	Orzhov Guildmage
gpt	Petrahydrox
gpt	Wild Cantor
gpt	Shrieking Grotesque
gpt	Gruul Signet
gpt	Gruul War Plow
gpt	Izzet Signet
gpt	Mizzium Transreliquat
gpt	Moratorium Stone
gpt	Orzhov Signet
gpt	Sword of the Paruns
gpt	Godless Shrine
gpt	Gruul Turf
gpt	Izzet Boilerworks
gpt	Sinstriker's Will
gpt	Nivix, Aerie of the Firemind
gpt	Orzhov Basilica
gpt	Orzhova, the Church of Deals
gpt	Skarrg, the Rage Pits
gpt	Steam Vents
gpt	Stomping Ground
gpt	Skyrider Trainee
gpt	Spelltithe Enforcer
gpt	Storm Herd
gpt	Belfry Spirit
gpt	To Arms!
gpt	Withstand
gpt	Aetherplasm
gpt	Crystal Seer
gpt	Drowned Rusalka
gpt	Frazzle
gpt	Gigadrowse
gpt	Hatching Plans
gpt	Infiltrator's Magemark
gpt	Leyline of Singularity
gpt	Benediction of Moons
gpt	Mimeofacture
gpt	Quicken
gpt	Repeal
gpt	Runeboggle
gpt	Sky Swallower
gpt	Steamcore Weird
gpt	Stratozeppelid
gpt	Thunderheads
gpt	Torch Drake
gpt	Train of Thought
gpt	Droning Bureaucrats
gpt	Vacuumelt
gpt	Vedalken Plotter
gpt	Vertigo Spawn
gpt	Abyssal Nocturnus
gpt	Caustic Rain
gpt	Cremate
gpt	Cry of Contrition
gpt	Cryptwailing
gpt	Daggerclaw Imp
gpt	Douse in Gloom
gpt	Ghost Warden
gpt	Exhumer Thrull
gpt	Hissing Miasma
gpt	Leyline of the Void
gpt	Necromancer's Magemark
gpt	Orzhov Euthanist
gpt	Ostiary Thrull
gpt	Plagued Rusalka
gpt	Poisonbelly Ogre
gpt	Restless Bones
gpt	Revenant Patriarch
gpt	Ghostway
gpt	Sanguine Praetor
gpt	Seize the Soul
gpt	Skeletal Vampire
gpt	Smogsteed Rider
gpt	Bloodscale Prowler
gpt	Fencer's Magemark
gpt	Ghor-Clan Bloodscale
gpt	Hypervolt Grasp
gpt	Leyline of Lightning
gpt	Living Inferno
gpt	Graven Dominator
gpt	Ogre Savant
gpt	Parallectric Feedback
gpt	Pyromatics
gpt	Rabble-Rouser
gpt	Scorched Rusalka
gpt	Shattering Spree
gpt	Siege of Towers
gpt	Skarrgan Firebird
gpt	Tin Street Hooligan
gpt	Battering Wurm
gpt	Guardian's Magemark
gpt	Beastmaster's Magemark
gpt	Bioplasm
gpt	Crash Landing
gpt	Dryad Sophisticate
gpt	Earth Surge
gpt	Gatherer of Graces
gpt	Ghor-Clan Savage
gpt	Gristleback
gpt	Gruul Nodorog
gpt	Gruul Scrapper
gpt	Harrier Griffin
gpt	Leyline of Lifeforce
gpt	Petrified Wood-Kin
gpt	Predatory Focus
gpt	Primeval Light
gpt	Silhana Ledgewalker
gpt	Silhana Starfletcher
gpt	Skarrgan Pit-Skulk
gpt	Starved Rusalka
gpt	Wildsize
gpt	Wurmweaver Coil
hml	Baron Sengir
hml	Black Carriage
hml	Broken Visage
hml	Cemetery Gate
hml	Cemetery Gate
hml	Drudge Spell
hml	Dry Spell
hml	Dry Spell
hml	Feast of the Unicorn
hml	Feast of the Unicorn
hml	Funeral March
hml	Ghost Hounds
hml	Grandmother Sengir
hml	Greater Werewolf
hml	Headstone
hml	Ihsan's Shade
hml	Irini Sengir
hml	Koskun Falls
hml	Sengir Autocrat
hml	Sengir Bats
hml	Sengir Bats
hml	Timmerian Fiends
hml	Torture
hml	Torture
hml	Veldrane of Sengir
hml	Aether Storm
hml	Baki's Curse
hml	Chain Stasis
hml	Coral Reef
hml	Dark Maze
hml	Dark Maze
hml	Forget
hml	Giant Albatross
hml	Giant Albatross
hml	Giant Oyster
hml	Jinx
hml	Labyrinth Minotaur
hml	Labyrinth Minotaur
hml	Marjhan
hml	Memory Lapse
hml	Memory Lapse
hml	Merchant Scroll
hml	Mystic Decree
hml	Narwhal
hml	Reef Pirates
hml	Reef Pirates
hml	Reveka, Wizard Savant
hml	Sea Sprite
hml	Sea Troll
hml	Wall of Kelp
hml	An-Havva Constable
hml	An-Havva Inn
hml	Autumn Willow
hml	Carapace
hml	Carapace
hml	Daughter of Autumn
hml	Faerie Noble
hml	Folk of An-Havva
hml	Folk of An-Havva
hml	Hungry Mist
hml	Hungry Mist
hml	Joven's Ferrets
hml	Leeches
hml	Leaping Lizard
hml	Mammoth Harness
hml	Primal Order
hml	Renewal
hml	Root Spider
hml	Roots
hml	Rysorian Badger
hml	Shrink
hml	Shrink
hml	Spectral Bears
hml	Willow Faerie
hml	Willow Faerie
hml	Willow Priestess
hml	Aliban's Tower
hml	Aliban's Tower
hml	Ambush
hml	Ambush Party
hml	Ambush Party
hml	Anaba Ancestor
hml	Anaba Bodyguard
hml	Anaba Bodyguard
hml	Anaba Shaman
hml	Anaba Shaman
hml	Anaba Spirit Crafter
hml	An-Zerrin Ruins
hml	Chandler
hml	Dwarven Pony
hml	Dwarven Sea Clan
hml	Dwarven Trader
hml	Dwarven Trader
hml	Eron the Relentless
hml	Evaporate
hml	Heart Wolf
hml	Ironclaw Curse
hml	Joven
hml	Orcish Mine
hml	Retribution
hml	Winter Sky
hml	Abbey Gargoyles
hml	Abbey Matron
hml	Abbey Matron
hml	Aysen Bureaucrats
hml	Aysen Bureaucrats
hml	Aysen Crusader
hml	Aysen Highway
hml	Beast Walkers
hml	Death Speakers
hml	Hazduhr the Abbot
hml	Mesa Falcon
hml	Mesa Falcon
hml	Prophecy
hml	Rashka the Slayer
hml	Samite Alchemist
hml	Samite Alchemist
hml	Serra Aviary
hml	Serra Bestiary
hml	Serra Inquisitors
hml	Serra Paladin
hml	Soraya the Falconer
hml	Trade Caravan
hml	Trade Caravan
hml	Truce
hml	Apocalypse Chime
hml	Clockwork Gnomes
hml	Clockwork Steed
hml	Clockwork Swarm
hml	Didgeridoo
hml	Ebony Rhino
hml	Feroz's Ban
hml	Joven's Tools
hml	Roterothopter
hml	Serrated Arrows
hml	An-Havva Township
hml	Aysen Abbey
hml	Castle Sengir
hml	Koskun Keep
hml	Wizards' School
ice	Abyssal Specter
ice	Dread Wight
ice	Snow Devil
ice	Snowfall
ice	Soldevi Machinist
ice	Soul Barrier
ice	Thunder Wall
ice	Updraft
ice	Wind Spirit
ice	Winter's Chill
ice	Word of Undoing
ice	Wrath of Marit Lage
ice	Drift of the Dead
ice	Zuran Enchanter
ice	Zuran Spellcaster
ice	Zur's Weirding
ice	Aurochs
ice	Balduvian Bears
ice	Brown Ouphe
ice	Chub Toad
ice	Dire Wolves
ice	Earthlore
ice	Fear
ice	Elder Druid
ice	Wiitigo
ice	Essence Filter
ice	Fanatical Fever
ice	Reclamation
ice	Folk of the Pines
ice	Forbidden Lore
ice	Forgotten Lore
ice	Foxfire
ice	Freyalise Supplicant
ice	Freyalise's Charm
ice	Freyalise's Winds
ice	Flow of Maggots
ice	Fyndhorn Brownie
ice	Fyndhorn Elder
ice	Fyndhorn Elves
ice	Fyndhorn Pollen
ice	Giant Growth
ice	Gorilla Pack
ice	Hot Springs
ice	Hurricane
ice	Johtull Wurm
ice	Juniper Order Druid
ice	Foul Familiar
ice	Mind Warp
ice	Lhurgoyf
ice	Lure
ice	Maddening Wind
ice	Nature's Lore
ice	Pale Bears
ice	Pygmy Allosaurus
ice	Pyknite
ice	Regeneration
ice	Rime Dryad
ice	Ritual of Subdual
ice	Gangrenous Zombies
ice	Scaled Wurm
ice	Shambling Strider
ice	Avalanche
ice	Snowblind
ice	Stampede
ice	Stunted Growth
ice	Tarpan
ice	Thermokarst
ice	Thoughtleech
ice	Tinder Wall
ice	Touch of Vitae
ice	Gaze of Pain
ice	Warning
ice	Venomous Breath
ice	Wall of Pine Needles
ice	Whiteout
ice	Wild Growth
ice	Woolly Mammoths
ice	Woolly Spider
ice	Yavimaya Gnats
ice	Gravebind
ice	Anarchy
ice	Balduvian Barbarians
ice	Balduvian Hydra
ice	Barbarian Guides
ice	Battle Frenzy
ice	Bone Shaman
ice	Brand of Ill Omen
ice	Chaos Lord
ice	Chaos Moon
ice	Hecatomb
ice	Conquer
ice	Curse of Marit Lage
ice	Dwarven Armory
ice	Errantry
ice	Flame Spirit
ice	Game of Chaos
ice	Glacial Crevasses
ice	Goblin Mutant
ice	Goblin Sappers
ice	Hoar Shade
ice	Goblin Ski Patrol
ice	Goblin Snowman
ice	Grizzled Wolverine
ice	Imposing Visage
ice	Incinerate
ice	Jokulhaups
ice	Karplusan Giant
ice	Karplusan Yeti
ice	Lava Burst
ice	Márton Stromgald
ice	Ashen Ghoul
ice	Howl from Beyond
ice	Melting
ice	Meteor Shower
ice	Mountain Goat
ice	Mudslide
ice	Orcish Cannoneers
ice	Orcish Conscripts
ice	Orcish Farmer
ice	Orcish Healer
ice	Orcish Librarian
ice	Hyalopterous Lemure
ice	Orcish Lumberjack
ice	Orcish Squatters
ice	Panic
ice	Pyroblast
ice	Pyroclasm
ice	Sabretooth Tiger
ice	Shatter
ice	Stone Rain
ice	Stone Spirit
ice	Stonehands
ice	Icequake
ice	Total War
ice	Vertigo
ice	Wall of Lava
ice	Word of Blasting
ice	Adarkar Unicorn
ice	Arctic Foxes
ice	Arenson's Aura
ice	Armor of Faith
ice	Battle Cry
ice	Infernal Darkness
ice	Black Scarab
ice	Blessed Wine
ice	Blinking Spirit
ice	Blue Scarab
ice	Call to Arms
ice	Caribou Range
ice	Circle of Protection: Black
ice	Circle of Protection: Blue
ice	Circle of Protection: Green
ice	Circle of Protection: Red
ice	Infernal Denizen
ice	Circle of Protection: White
ice	Cold Snap
ice	Cooperation
ice	Death Ward
ice	Disenchant
ice	Drought
ice	Elvish Healer
ice	Enduring Renewal
ice	Energy Storm
ice	Kjeldoran Dead
ice	Fylgja
ice	General Jarkeld
ice	Green Scarab
ice	Hallowed Ground
ice	Heal
ice	Hipparion
ice	Kelsinko Ranger
ice	Kjeldoran Elite Guard
ice	Kjeldoran Guard
ice	Knight of Stromgald
ice	Kjeldoran Knight
ice	Kjeldoran Phalanx
ice	Kjeldoran Royal Guard
ice	Kjeldoran Skycaptain
ice	Kjeldoran Skyknight
ice	Kjeldoran Warrior
ice	Lightning Blow
ice	Lost Order of Jarkeld
ice	Mercenaries
ice	Order of the Sacred Torch
ice	Krovikan Elementalist
ice	Order of the White Shield
ice	Prismatic Ward
ice	Red Scarab
ice	Sacred Boon
ice	Seraph
ice	Shield Bearer
ice	Snow Hound
ice	Swords to Plowshares
ice	Krovikan Fetish
ice	White Scarab
ice	Adarkar Sentinel
ice	Aegis of the Meek
ice	Amulet of Quoz
ice	Arcum's Sleigh
ice	Arcum's Weathervane
ice	Arcum's Whistle
ice	Barbed Sextant
ice	Baton of Morale
ice	Celestial Sword
ice	Krovikan Vampire
ice	Crown of the Ages
ice	Despotic Scepter
ice	Elkin Bottle
ice	Fyndhorn Bow
ice	Goblin Lyre
ice	Hematite Talisman
ice	Ice Cauldron
ice	Icy Manipulator
ice	Infinite Hourglass
ice	Jester's Cap
ice	Brine Shaman
ice	Legions of Lim-Dûl
ice	Jester's Mask
ice	Jeweled Amulet
ice	Lapis Lazuli Talisman
ice	Malachite Talisman
ice	Nacre Talisman
ice	Naked Singularity
ice	Onyx Talisman
ice	Pentagram of the Ages
ice	Pit Trap
ice	Runed Arch
ice	Leshrac's Rite
ice	Shield of the Ages
ice	Skull Catapult
ice	Snow Fortress
ice	Soldevi Golem
ice	Soldevi Simulacrum
ice	Staff of the Ages
ice	Sunstone
ice	Time Bomb
ice	Urza's Bauble
ice	Vexing Arcanix
ice	Land Cap
ice	Leshrac's Sigil
ice	Vibrating Sphere
ice	Walking Wall
ice	Wall of Shields
ice	War Chariot
ice	Whalebone Glider
ice	Zuran Orb
ice	Adarkar Wastes
ice	Brushland
ice	Forest
ice	Forest
ice	Forest
ice	Lim-Dûl's Cohort
ice	Glacial Chasm
ice	Halls of Mist
ice	Ice Floe
ice	Island
ice	Island
ice	Island
ice	Karplusan Forest
ice	Lava Tubes
ice	Lim-Dûl's Hex
ice	Mountain
ice	Mountain
ice	Mountain
ice	Plains
ice	Plains
ice	Plains
ice	River Delta
ice	Snow-Covered Forest
ice	Snow-Covered Island
ice	Snow-Covered Mountain
ice	Mind Ravel
ice	Snow-Covered Plains
ice	Snow-Covered Swamp
ice	Swamp
ice	Swamp
ice	Swamp
ice	Sulfurous Springs
ice	Timberline Ridge
ice	Underground River
ice	Veldt
ice	Altar of Bone
ice	Centaur Archer
ice	Chromatic Armor
ice	Diabolic Vision
ice	Earthlink
ice	Elemental Augury
ice	Essence Vortex
ice	Justice
ice	Fiery Justice
ice	Fire Covenant
ice	Flooded Woodlands
ice	Fumarole
ice	Mind Whip
ice	Ghostly Flame
ice	Giant Trap Door Spider
ice	Glaciers
ice	Hymn of Rebirth
ice	Kjeldoran Frostbeast
ice	Merieke Ri Berit
ice	Monsoon
ice	Mountain Titan
ice	Skeleton Ship
ice	Minion of Leshrac
ice	Spectral Shield
ice	Storm Spirit
ice	Stormbind
ice	Wings of Aesthir
ice	Minion of Tevesh Szat
ice	Burnt Offering
ice	Trailblazer
ice	Mole Worms
ice	Moor Fiend
ice	Necropotence
ice	Norritt
ice	Oath of Lim-Dûl
ice	Melee
ice	Pestilence Rats
ice	Pox
ice	Seizures
ice	Songs of the Damned
ice	Soul Burn
ice	Cloak of Confusion
ice	Soul Kiss
ice	Spoils of Evil
ice	Spoils of War
ice	Stench of Evil
ice	Stromgald Cabal
ice	Touch of Death
ice	Withering Wisps
ice	Arnjlot's Ascent
ice	Balduvian Conjurer
ice	Balduvian Shaman
ice	Dance of the Dead
ice	Binding Grasp
ice	Brainstorm
ice	Breath of Dreams
ice	Clairvoyance
ice	Counterspell
ice	Deflection
ice	Dreams of the Dead
ice	Enervate
ice	Errant Minion
ice	Essence Flare
ice	Flare
ice	Dark Banishing
ice	Force Void
ice	Glacial Wall
ice	Hydroblast
ice	Iceberg
ice	Icy Prison
ice	Illusionary Forces
ice	Illusionary Presence
ice	Tor Giant
ice	Illusionary Terrain
ice	Illusionary Wall
ice	Aggression
ice	Illusions of Grandeur
ice	Dark Ritual
ice	Infuse
ice	Krovikan Sorcerer
ice	Magus of the Unseen
ice	Mesmeric Trance
ice	Mistfolk
ice	Musician
ice	Mystic Might
ice	Mystic Remora
ice	Phantasmal Mount
ice	Polar Kraken
ice	Demonic Consultation
ice	Formation
ice	Portent
ice	Power Sink
ice	Blizzard
ice	Ray of Command
ice	Ray of Erasure
ice	Reality Twist
ice	Sea Spirit
ice	Rally
ice	Shyft
ice	Sibilant Spirit
ice	Silver Erne
ice	Sleight of Mind
isd	Abbey Griffin
isd	Divine Reckoning
isd	Falkenrath Noble
isd	Ghoulcaller's Chant
isd	Ghoulraiser
isd	Gruesome Deformity
isd	Heartless Summoning
isd	Liliana of the Veil
isd	Manor Skeleton
isd	Markov Patrician
isd	Maw of the Mire
isd	Moan of the Unhallowed
isd	Doomed Traveler
isd	Morkrut Banshee
isd	Night Terrors
isd	Reaper from the Abyss
isd	Rotting Fensnake
isd	Screeching Bat
isd	Stalking Vampire
isd	Sever the Bloodline
isd	Skeletal Grimace
isd	Skirsdag High Priest
isd	Stromkirk Patrol
isd	Tribute to Hunger
isd	Elder Cathar
isd	Typhoid Rats
isd	Unbreathing Horde
isd	Unburial Rites
isd	Vampire Interloper
isd	Victim of Night
isd	Village Cannibals
isd	Walking Corpse
isd	Ancient Grudge
isd	Ashmouth Hound
isd	Balefire Dragon
isd	Elite Inquisitor
isd	Blasphemous Act
isd	Bloodcrazed Neonate
isd	Brimstone Volley
isd	Burning Vengeance
isd	Charmbreaker Devils
isd	Crossway Vampire
isd	Curse of Stalked Prey
isd	Curse of the Nightly Hunt
isd	Curse of the Pierced Heart
isd	Desperate Ravings
isd	Feeling of Dread
isd	Devil's Play
isd	Falkenrath Marauders
isd	Feral Ridgewolf
isd	Furor of the Bitten
isd	Geistflame
isd	Hanweir Watchkeep
isd	Bane of Hanweir
isd	Harvest Pyre
isd	Heretic's Punishment
isd	Infernal Plunge
isd	Instigator Gang
isd	Wildblood Pack
isd	Fiend Hunter
isd	Into the Maw of Hell
isd	Kessig Wolf
isd	Kruin Outlaw
isd	Terror of Kruin Pass
isd	Night Revelers
isd	Nightbird's Clutches
isd	Past in Flames
isd	Pitchburn Devils
isd	Rage Thrower
isd	Rakish Heir
isd	Reckless Waif
isd	Merciless Predator
isd	Gallows Warden
isd	Riot Devils
isd	Rolling Temblor
isd	Scourge of Geier Reach
isd	Skirsdag Cultist
isd	Stromkirk Noble
isd	Tormented Pariah
isd	Rampaging Werewolf
isd	Traitorous Blood
isd	Vampiric Fury
isd	Village Ironsmith
isd	Ironfang
isd	Ambush Viper
isd	Geist-Honored Monk
isd	Avacyn's Pilgrim
isd	Boneyard Wurm
isd	Bramblecrush
isd	Caravan Vigil
isd	Creeping Renaissance
isd	Darkthicket Wolf
isd	Daybreak Ranger
isd	Nightfall Predator
isd	Elder of Laurels
isd	Essence of the Wild
isd	Festerhide Boar
isd	Ghostly Possession
isd	Full Moon's Rise
isd	Garruk Relentless
isd	Garruk, the Veil-Cursed
isd	Gatstaf Shepherd
isd	Gatstaf Howler
isd	Gnaw to the Bone
isd	Grave Bramble
isd	Grizzled Outcasts
isd	Krallenhorde Wantons
isd	Gutter Grime
isd	Hamlet Captain
isd	Hollowhenge Scavenger
isd	Kessig Cagebreakers
isd	Intangible Virtue
isd	Kindercatch
isd	Lumberknot
isd	Make a Wish
isd	Mayor of Avabruck
isd	Howlpack Alpha
isd	Moldgraf Monstrosity
isd	Moonmist
isd	Mulch
isd	Naturalize
isd	Orchard Spirit
isd	Parallel Lives
isd	Angel of Flight Alabaster
isd	Mausoleum Guard
isd	Prey Upon
isd	Ranger's Guile
isd	Somberwald Spider
isd	Spider Spawning
isd	Spidery Grasp
isd	Splinterfright
isd	Travel Preparations
isd	Tree of Redemption
isd	Ulvenwald Mystics
isd	Ulvenwald Primordials
isd	Villagers of Estwald
isd	Howlpack of Estwald
isd	Mentor of the Meek
isd	Woodland Sleuth
isd	Wreath of Geists
isd	Evil Twin
isd	Geist of Saint Traft
isd	Grimgrin, Corpse-Born
isd	Olivia Voldaren
isd	Blazing Torch
isd	Butcher's Cleaver
isd	Cellar Door
isd	Cobbled Wings
isd	Midnight Haunting
isd	Creepy Doll
isd	Demonmail Hauberk
isd	Galvanic Juggernaut
isd	Geistcatcher's Rig
isd	Ghoulcaller's Bell
isd	Graveyard Shovel
isd	Grimoire of the Dead
isd	Inquisitor's Flail
isd	Manor Gargoyle
isd	Mask of Avacyn
isd	Mikaeus, the Lunarch
isd	One-Eyed Scarecrow
isd	Runechanter's Pike
isd	Sharpened Pitchfork
isd	Silver-Inlaid Dagger
isd	Traveler's Amulet
isd	Trepanation Blade
isd	Witchbane Orb
isd	Wooden Stake
isd	Clifftop Retreat
isd	Gavony Township
isd	Moment of Heroism
isd	Ghost Quarter
isd	Hinterland Harbor
isd	Isolated Chapel
isd	Kessig Wolf Run
isd	Moorland Haunt
isd	Nephalia Drownyard
isd	Shimmering Grotto
isd	Stensia Bloodhall
isd	Sulfur Falls
isd	Woodland Cemetery
isd	Nevermore
isd	Plains
isd	Plains
isd	Plains
isd	Island
isd	Island
isd	Island
isd	Swamp
isd	Swamp
isd	Swamp
isd	Mountain
isd	Paraselene
isd	Mountain
isd	Mountain
isd	Forest
isd	Forest
isd	Forest
isd	Purify the Grave
isd	Rally the Peasants
isd	Rebuke
isd	Angelic Overseer
isd	Selfless Cathar
isd	Silverchase Fox
isd	Slayer of the Wicked
isd	Smite the Monstrous
isd	Spare from Evil
isd	Spectral Rider
isd	Stony Silence
isd	Thraben Purebloods
isd	Thraben Sentry
isd	Thraben Militia
isd	Unruly Mob
isd	Avacynian Priest
isd	Urgent Exorcism
isd	Village Bell-Ringer
isd	Voiceless Spirit
isd	Armored Skaab
isd	Back from the Brink
isd	Battleground Geist
isd	Cackling Counterpart
isd	Civilized Scholar
isd	Homicidal Brute
isd	Claustrophobia
isd	Curiosity
isd	Bonds of Faith
isd	Curse of the Bloody Tome
isd	Delver of Secrets
isd	Insectile Aberration
isd	Deranged Assistant
isd	Dissipate
isd	Dream Twist
isd	Forbidden Alchemy
isd	Fortress Crab
isd	Frightful Delusion
isd	Grasp of Phantoms
isd	Hysterical Blindness
isd	Champion of the Parish
isd	Invisible Stalker
isd	Laboratory Maniac
isd	Lantern Spirit
isd	Lost in the Mist
isd	Ludevic's Test Subject
isd	Ludevic's Abomination
isd	Makeshift Mauler
isd	Memory's Journey
isd	Mindshrieker
isd	Mirror-Mad Phantasm
isd	Moon Heron
isd	Chapel Geist
isd	Murder of Crows
isd	Rooftop Storm
isd	Runic Repetition
isd	Selhoff Occultist
isd	Sensory Deprivation
isd	Silent Departure
isd	Skaab Goliath
isd	Skaab Ruinator
isd	Snapcaster Mage
isd	Spectral Flight
isd	Stitched Drake
isd	Stitcher's Apprentice
isd	Sturmgeist
isd	Think Twice
isd	Undead Alchemist
isd	Abattoir Ghoul
isd	Altar's Reap
isd	Army of the Damned
isd	Bitterheart Witch
isd	Bloodgift Demon
isd	Cloistered Youth
isd	Unholy Fiend
isd	Dearly Departed
isd	Bloodline Keeper
isd	Lord of Lineage
isd	Brain Weevil
isd	Bump in the Night
isd	Corpse Lunge
isd	Curse of Death's Hold
isd	Curse of Oblivion
isd	Dead Weight
isd	Diregraf Ghoul
isd	Disciple of Griselbrand
isd	Endless Ranks of the Dead
inv	Alabaster Leech
inv	Capashen Unicorn
inv	Desperate Research
inv	Devouring Strossus
inv	Do or Die
inv	Dredge
inv	Duskwalker
inv	Exotic Curse
inv	Firescreamer
inv	Goham Djinn
inv	Hate Weaver
inv	Hypnotic Cloud
inv	Crimson Acolyte
inv	Marauding Knight
inv	Mourning
inv	Nightscape Apprentice
inv	Nightscape Master
inv	Phyrexian Battleflies
inv	Phyrexian Delver
inv	Phyrexian Infiltrator
inv	Phyrexian Reaper
inv	Phyrexian Slayer
inv	Plague Spitter
inv	Crusading Knight
inv	Ravenous Rats
inv	Reckless Spite
inv	Recover
inv	Scavenged Weaponry
inv	Soul Burn
inv	Spreading Plague
inv	Tainted Well
inv	Trench Wurm
inv	Tsabo's Assassin
inv	Tsabo's Decree
inv	Death or Glory
inv	Twilight's Call
inv	Urborg Emissary
inv	Urborg Phantom
inv	Urborg Shambler
inv	Urborg Skeleton
inv	Yawgmoth's Agenda
inv	Ancient Kavu
inv	Bend or Break
inv	Breath of Darigaaz
inv	Callous Giant
inv	Dismantling Blow
inv	Chaotic Strike
inv	Collapsing Borders
inv	Crown of Flames
inv	Firebrand Ranger
inv	Ghitu Fire
inv	Goblin Spy
inv	Halam Djinn
inv	Hooded Kavu
inv	Kavu Aggressor
inv	Kavu Monarch
inv	Divine Presence
inv	Kavu Runner
inv	Kavu Scout
inv	Lightning Dart
inv	Loafing Giant
inv	Mages' Contest
inv	Maniacal Rage
inv	Obliterate
inv	Overload
inv	Pouncing Kavu
inv	Rage Weaver
inv	Fight or Flight
inv	Rogue Kavu
inv	Ruby Leech
inv	Savage Offensive
inv	Scarred Puma
inv	Scorching Lava
inv	Searing Rays
inv	Shivan Emissary
inv	Shivan Harvest
inv	Skittish Kavu
inv	Skizzik
inv	Glimmering Angel
inv	Slimy Kavu
inv	Stand or Fall
inv	Stun
inv	Tectonic Instability
inv	Thunderscape Apprentice
inv	Thunderscape Master
inv	Tribal Flames
inv	Turf Wound
inv	Urza's Rage
inv	Viashino Grappler
inv	Global Ruin
inv	Zap
inv	Aggressive Urge
inv	Bind
inv	Blurred Mongoose
inv	Canopy Surge
inv	Elfhame Sanctuary
inv	Elvish Champion
inv	Explosive Growth
inv	Fertile Ground
inv	Harrow
inv	Harsh Judgment
inv	Jade Leech
inv	Kavu Chameleon
inv	Kavu Climber
inv	Kavu Lair
inv	Kavu Titan
inv	Llanowar Cavalry
inv	Llanowar Elite
inv	Llanowar Vanguard
inv	Might Weaver
inv	Molimo, Maro-Sorcerer
inv	Angel of Mercy
inv	Holy Day
inv	Nomadic Elf
inv	Pincer Spider
inv	Pulse of Llanowar
inv	Quirion Elves
inv	Quirion Sentinel
inv	Quirion Trailblazer
inv	Restock
inv	Rooting Kavu
inv	Saproling Infestation
inv	Saproling Symbiosis
inv	Liberate
inv	Scouting Trek
inv	Serpentine Kavu
inv	Sulam Djinn
inv	Tangle
inv	Thicket Elemental
inv	Thornscape Apprentice
inv	Thornscape Master
inv	Tranquility
inv	Treefolk Healer
inv	Utopia Tree
inv	Obsidian Acolyte
inv	Verdeloth the Ancient
inv	Verduran Emissary
inv	Vigorous Charge
inv	Wallop
inv	Wandering Stream
inv	Whip Silk
inv	Absorb
inv	Aether Rift
inv	Angelic Shield
inv	Armadillo Cloak
inv	Orim's Touch
inv	Armored Guardian
inv	Artifact Mutation
inv	Aura Mutation
inv	Aura Shards
inv	Backlash
inv	Barrin's Spite
inv	Blazing Specter
inv	Captain Sisay
inv	Cauldron Dance
inv	Charging Troll
inv	Pledge of Loyalty
inv	Cinder Shade
inv	Coalition Victory
inv	Crosis, the Purger
inv	Darigaaz, the Igniter
inv	Dromar, the Banisher
inv	Dueling Grounds
inv	Fires of Yavimaya
inv	Frenzied Tilling
inv	Galina's Knight
inv	Hanna, Ship's Navigator
inv	Prison Barricade
inv	Heroes' Reunion
inv	Horned Cheetah
inv	Hunting Kavu
inv	Kangee, Aerie Keeper
inv	Llanowar Knight
inv	Lobotomy
inv	Meteor Storm
inv	Noble Panther
inv	Ordered Migration
inv	Overabundance
inv	Protective Sphere
inv	Plague Spores
inv	Pyre Zombie
inv	Raging Kavu
inv	Reckless Assault
inv	Recoil
inv	Reviving Vapors
inv	Riptide Crab
inv	Rith, the Awakener
inv	Sabertooth Nishoba
inv	Samite Archer
inv	Pure Reflection
inv	Seer's Vision
inv	Shivan Zombie
inv	Simoon
inv	Sleeper's Robe
inv	Slinking Serpent
inv	Smoldering Tar
inv	Spinal Embrace
inv	Stalking Assassin
inv	Sterling Grove
inv	Teferi's Moat
inv	Rampant Elephant
inv	Treva, the Renewer
inv	Tsabo Tavoc
inv	Undermine
inv	Urborg Drake
inv	Vicious Kavu
inv	Vile Consumption
inv	Vodalian Zombie
inv	Void
inv	Voracious Cobra
inv	Wings of Hope
inv	Razorfoot Griffin
inv	Yavimaya Barbarian
inv	Yavimaya Kavu
inv	Stand
inv	Deliver
inv	Stand
inv	Deliver
inv	Spite
inv	Malice
inv	Spite
inv	Malice
inv	Pain
inv	Suffering
inv	Pain
inv	Suffering
inv	Assault
inv	Battery
inv	Assault
inv	Battery
inv	Wax
inv	Wane
inv	Wax
inv	Wane
inv	Alloy Golem
inv	Bloodstone Cameo
inv	Chromatic Sphere
inv	Ardent Soldier
inv	Restrain
inv	Crosis's Attendant
inv	Darigaaz's Attendant
inv	Drake-Skull Cameo
inv	Dromar's Attendant
inv	Juntu Stakes
inv	Lotus Guardian
inv	Phyrexian Altar
inv	Phyrexian Lens
inv	Planar Portal
inv	Power Armor
inv	Reviving Dose
inv	Rith's Attendant
inv	Seashell Cameo
inv	Sparring Golem
inv	Tek
inv	Tigereye Cameo
inv	Treva's Attendant
inv	Troll-Horn Cameo
inv	Tsabo's Web
inv	Urza's Filter
inv	Ancient Spring
inv	Rewards of Diversity
inv	Archaeological Dig
inv	Coastal Tower
inv	Elfhame Palace
inv	Geothermal Crevice
inv	Irrigation Ditch
inv	Keldon Necropolis
inv	Salt Marsh
inv	Shivan Oasis
inv	Sulfur Vent
inv	Tinder Farm
inv	Reya Dawnbringer
inv	Urborg Volcano
inv	Plains
inv	Plains
inv	Plains
inv	Plains
inv	Island
inv	Island
inv	Island
inv	Island
inv	Swamp
inv	Rout
inv	Swamp
inv	Swamp
inv	Swamp
inv	Mountain
inv	Mountain
inv	Mountain
inv	Mountain
inv	Forest
inv	Forest
inv	Forest
inv	Ruham Djinn
inv	Forest
inv	Samite Ministration
inv	Shackles
inv	Spirit of Resistance
inv	Spirit Weaver
inv	Atalya, Samite Master
inv	Strength of Unity
inv	Sunscape Apprentice
inv	Sunscape Master
inv	Teferi's Care
inv	Wayfaring Giant
inv	Winnow
inv	Barrin's Unmaking
inv	Blind Seer
inv	Breaking Wave
inv	Collective Restraint
inv	Benalish Emissary
inv	Crystal Spray
inv	Disrupt
inv	Distorting Wake
inv	Dream Thrush
inv	Empress Galina
inv	Essence Leak
inv	Exclude
inv	Fact or Fiction
inv	Faerie Squadron
inv	Mana Maze
inv	Benalish Heralds
inv	Manipulate Fate
inv	Metathran Aerostat
inv	Metathran Transport
inv	Metathran Zombie
inv	Opt
inv	Phantasmal Terrain
inv	Probe
inv	Prohibit
inv	Psychic Battle
inv	Rainbow Crow
inv	Benalish Lancer
inv	Repulse
inv	Sapphire Leech
inv	Shimmering Wings
inv	Shoreline Raider
inv	Sky Weaver
inv	Stormscape Apprentice
inv	Stormscape Master
inv	Sway of Illusion
inv	Teferi's Response
inv	Temporal Distortion
inv	Benalish Trapper
inv	Tidal Visionary
inv	Tolarian Emissary
inv	Tower Drake
inv	Traveler's Cloak
inv	Vodalian Hypnotist
inv	Vodalian Merchant
inv	Vodalian Serpent
inv	Wash Out
inv	Well-Laid Plans
inv	Worldly Counsel
inv	Blinding Light
inv	Zanam Djinn
inv	Addle
inv	Agonizing Demise
inv	Andradite Leech
inv	Annihilate
inv	Bog Initiate
inv	Cremate
inv	Crypt Angel
inv	Cursed Flesh
inv	Defiling Tears
jou	Aegis of the Gods
jou	Eidolon of Rhetoric
jou	Harness by Force
jou	Knowledge and Power
jou	Lightning Diadem
jou	Magma Spray
jou	Mogis's Warhound
jou	Pensive Minotaur
jou	Prophetic Flamespeaker
jou	Riddle of Lightning
jou	Rollick of Abandon
jou	Rouse the Mob
jou	Font of Vigor
jou	Satyr Hoplite
jou	Sigiled Skink
jou	Spawn of Thraxes
jou	Spite of Mogis
jou	Starfall
jou	Twinflame
jou	Wildfire Cerberus
jou	Bassara Tower Archer
jou	Colossal Heroics
jou	Consign to Dust
jou	Godsend
jou	Desecration Plague
jou	Dictate of Karametra
jou	Eidolon of Blossoms
jou	Font of Fertility
jou	Golden Hind
jou	Goldenhide Ox
jou	Heroes' Bane
jou	Humbler of Mortals
jou	Hydra Broodmaster
jou	Kruphix's Insight
jou	Harvestguard Alseids
jou	Market Festival
jou	Nature's Panoply
jou	Nessian Game Warden
jou	Oakheart Dryads
jou	Pheres-Band Thunderhoof
jou	Pheres-Band Warchief
jou	Ravenous Leucrocota
jou	Renowned Weaver
jou	Reviving Melody
jou	Satyr Grovedancer
jou	Lagonna-Band Trailblazer
jou	Setessan Tactics
jou	Solidarity of Heroes
jou	Spirespine
jou	Strength from the Fallen
jou	Swarmborn Giant
jou	Ajani, Mentor of Heroes
jou	Athreos, God of Passage
jou	Desperate Stand
jou	Disciple of Deceit
jou	Fleetfeather Cockatrice
jou	Launch the Fleet
jou	Iroas, God of Victory
jou	Keranos, God of Storms
jou	Kruphix, God of Horizons
jou	Nyx Weaver
jou	Pharika, God of Affliction
jou	Revel of the Fallen God
jou	Stormchaser Chimera
jou	Underworld Coinsmith
jou	Armory of Iroas
jou	Chariot of Victory
jou	Leonin Iconoclast
jou	Deserter's Quarters
jou	Gold-Forged Sentinel
jou	Hall of Triumph
jou	Mana Confluence
jou	Temple of Epiphany
jou	Temple of Malady
jou	Mortal Obstinacy
jou	Nyx-Fleece Ram
jou	Oppressive Rays
jou	Ajani's Presence
jou	Oreskos Swiftclaw
jou	Phalanx Formation
jou	Quarry Colossus
jou	Reprisal
jou	Sightless Brawler
jou	Skybind
jou	Skyspear Cavalry
jou	Stonewise Fortifier
jou	Supply-Line Cranes
jou	Tethmos High Priest
jou	Akroan Mastiff
jou	Aerial Formation
jou	Battlefield Thaumaturge
jou	Cloaked Siren
jou	Countermand
jou	Crystalline Nautilus
jou	Dakra Mystic
jou	Daring Thief
jou	Dictate of Kruphix
jou	Font of Fortunes
jou	Godhunter Octopus
jou	Armament of Nyx
jou	Hour of Need
jou	Hubris
jou	Hypnotic Siren
jou	Interpret the Signs
jou	Kiora's Dismissal
jou	Pin to the Earth
jou	Polymorphous Rush
jou	Pull from the Deep
jou	Riptide Chimera
jou	Rise of Eagles
jou	Banishing Light
jou	Sage of Hours
jou	Scourge of Fleets
jou	Sigiled Starfish
jou	Thassa's Devourer
jou	Thassa's Ire
jou	Triton Cavalry
jou	Triton Shorestalker
jou	War-Wing Siren
jou	Whitewater Naiads
jou	Agent of Erebos
jou	Dawnbringer Charioteers
jou	Aspect of Gorgon
jou	Bloodcrazed Hoplite
jou	Brain Maggot
jou	Cast into Darkness
jou	Cruel Feeding
jou	Dictate of Erebos
jou	Doomwake Giant
jou	Dreadbringer Lampads
jou	Extinguish All Hope
jou	Feast of Dreams
jou	Deicide
jou	Felhide Petrifier
jou	Font of Return
jou	Gnarled Scarhide
jou	Grim Guardian
jou	King Macar, the Gold-Cursed
jou	Master of the Feast
jou	Nightmarish End
jou	Nyx Infusion
jou	Pharika's Chosen
jou	Returned Reveler
jou	Dictate of Heliod
jou	Ritual of the Returned
jou	Rotted Hulk
jou	Silence the Believers
jou	Spiteful Blow
jou	Squelching Leeches
jou	Thoughtrender Lamia
jou	Tormented Thoughts
jou	Worst Fears
jou	Akroan Line Breaker
jou	Bearer of the Heavens
jou	Eagle of the Watch
jou	Bladetusk Boar
jou	Blinding Flare
jou	Cyclops of Eternal Fury
jou	Dictate of the Twin Gods
jou	Eidolon of the Great Revel
jou	Flamespeaker's Will
jou	Flurry of Horns
jou	Font of Ire
jou	Forgeborn Oreads
jou	Gluttonous Cyclops
jr	Lightning Bolt
jr	Stroke of Genius
jr	Gaea's Cradle
jr	Memory Lapse
jr	Counterspell
jr	Vampiric Tutor
jr	Ball Lightning
jr	Oath of Druids
jr	Hammer of Bogardan
jr	Tradewind Rider
jr	Intuition
jr	Argothian Enchantress
jr	Living Death
jr	Armageddon
jr	Balance
jr	Time Warp
jr	Phyrexian Negator
jr	Deranged Hermit
jr	Hermit Druid
jr	Gemstone Mine
jr	Regrowth
jr	Sol Ring
jr	Mishra's Factory
jr	Exalted Angel
jr	Grim Lavamancer
jr	Meddling Mage
jr	Pernicious Deed
jr	Ravenous Baloth
jr	Cunning Wish
jr	Yawgmoth's Will
jr	Vindicate
jr	Decree of Justice
jr	Orim's Chant
jr	Mind's Desire
jr	Demonic Tutor
jr	Goblin Piledriver
jr	Living Wish
jr	Dark Ritual
jr	Maze of Ith
jr	Stifle
jr	Survival of the Fittest
jr	Burning Wish
jr	Bloodstained Mire
jr	Flooded Strand
jr	Polluted Delta
jr	Windswept Heath
jr	Wooded Foothills
jr	Sinkhole
jr	Natural Order
jr	Phyrexian Dreadnought
jr	Thawing Glaciers
jr	Land Tax
jr	Morphling
jr	Wheel of Fortune
jr	Wasteland
jr	Entomb
jr	Sword of Fire and Ice
jr	Vendilion Clique
jr	Bitterblossom
jr	Mana Crypt
jr	Dark Confidant
jr	Doubling Season
jr	Goblin Welder
jr	Xiahou Dun, the One-Eyed
jr	Flusterstorm
jr	Noble Hierarch
jr	Karmic Guide
jr	Sneak Attack
jr	Karakas
jr	Sword of Light and Shadow
jr	Command Tower
jr	Swords to Plowshares
jr	Bribery
jr	Imperial Recruiter
jr	Crucible of Worlds
jr	Overwhelming Forces
jr	Show and Tell
jr	Vindicate
jr	Genesis
jr	Karador, Ghost Chieftain
jr	Greater Good
jr	Riku of Two Reflections
jr	Force of Will
jr	Hanna, Ship's Navigator
jr	Sword of Feast and Famine
jr	Nekusar, the Mindrazer
jr	Elesh Norn, Grand Cenobite
jr	Oloro, Ageless Ascetic
jr	Plains
jr	Island
jr	Swamp
jr	Mountain
jr	Forest
jr	Temporal Manipulation
jr	Shardless Agent
jr	Rishadan Port
jr	Ravages of War
jr	Damnation
jr	Dualcaster Mage
jr	Feldon of the Third Path
jr	Wasteland
jr	Azusa, Lost but Seeking
jr	Mana Drain
jr	Grindstone
jr	Command Beacon
jr	Defense of the Heart
jr	Zur the Enchanter
jr	Mystic Confluence
jr	Imperial Seal
jr	Avacyn, Angel of Hope
jr	Gaddock Teeg
jr	Homeward Path
jud	Ancestor's Chosen
jud	Funeral Pyre
jud	Spellgorger Barbarian
jud	Swelter
jud	Swirling Sandstorm
jud	Worldgorger Dragon
jud	Anurid Barkripper
jud	Anurid Swarmsnapper
jud	Battlefield Scrounger
jud	Brawn
jud	Canopy Claws
jud	Centaur Rootcaster
jud	Glory
jud	Crush of Wurms
jud	Elephant Guide
jud	Epic Struggle
jud	Erhnam Djinn
jud	Exoskeletal Armor
jud	Folk Medicine
jud	Forcemage Advocate
jud	Genesis
jud	Giant Warthog
jud	Grizzly Fate
jud	Golden Wish
jud	Harvester Druid
jud	Ironshell Beetle
jud	Krosan Reclamation
jud	Krosan Wayfarer
jud	Living Wish
jud	Nantuko Tracer
jud	Nullmage Advocate
jud	Phantom Centaur
jud	Phantom Nantuko
jud	Phantom Tiger
jud	Guided Strike
jud	Seedtime
jud	Serene Sunset
jud	Sudden Strength
jud	Sylvan Safekeeper
jud	Thriss, Nantuko Primus
jud	Tunneler Wurm
jud	Venomous Vines
jud	Anurid Brushhopper
jud	Hunting Grounds
jud	Mirari's Wake
jud	Lead Astray
jud	Phantom Nishoba
jud	Krosan Verge
jud	Nantuko Monastery
jud	Riftstone Portal
jud	Nomad Mythmaker
jud	Phantom Flock
jud	Phantom Nomad
jud	Prismatic Strands
jud	Pulsemage Advocate
jud	Aven Warcraft
jud	Ray of Revelation
jud	Selfless Exorcist
jud	Shieldmage Advocate
jud	Silver Seraph
jud	Solitary Confinement
jud	Soulcatchers' Aerie
jud	Spirit Cairn
jud	Spurnmage Advocate
jud	Suntail Hawk
jud	Test of Endurance
jud	Battle Screech
jud	Trained Pronghorn
jud	Unquestioned Authority
jud	Valor
jud	Vigilant Sentry
jud	Aven Fogbringer
jud	Cephalid Constable
jud	Cephalid Inkshrouder
jud	Cunning Wish
jud	Defy Gravity
jud	Envelop
jud	Battlewise Aven
jud	Flash of Insight
jud	Grip of Amnesia
jud	Hapless Researcher
jud	Keep Watch
jud	Laquatus's Disdain
jud	Lost in Thought
jud	Mental Note
jud	Mirror Wall
jud	Mist of Stagnation
jud	Quiet Speculation
jud	Benevolent Bodyguard
jud	Scalpelexis
jud	Spelljack
jud	Telekinetic Bonds
jud	Web of Inertia
jud	Wonder
jud	Wormfang Behemoth
jud	Wormfang Crab
jud	Wormfang Drake
jud	Wormfang Manta
jud	Wormfang Newt
jud	Border Patrol
jud	Wormfang Turtle
jud	Balthor the Defiled
jud	Cabal Therapy
jud	Cabal Trainee
jud	Death Wish
jud	Earsplitting Rats
jud	Filth
jud	Grave Consequences
jud	Guiltfeeder
jud	Masked Gorgon
jud	Cagemail
jud	Morality Shift
jud	Rats' Feast
jud	Stitch Together
jud	Sutured Ghoul
jud	Toxic Stench
jud	Treacherous Vampire
jud	Treacherous Werewolf
jud	Anger
jud	Arcane Teachings
jud	Barbarian Bully
jud	Chastise
jud	Book Burning
jud	Breaking Point
jud	Browbeat
jud	Burning Wish
jud	Dwarven Bloodboiler
jud	Dwarven Driller
jud	Dwarven Scorcher
jud	Ember Shot
jud	Firecat Blitz
jud	Flaring Pain
jud	Commander Eesha
jud	Fledgling Dragon
jud	Goretusk Firebeast
jud	Infectious Rage
jud	Jeska, Warrior Adept
jud	Lava Dart
jud	Liberated Dwarf
jud	Lightning Surge
jud	Planar Chaos
jud	Shaman's Trance
jud	Soulgorger Orgg
ktk	Abzan Battle Priest
ktk	Feat of Resistance
ktk	Barrage of Boulders
ktk	Bloodfire Expert
ktk	Bloodfire Mentor
ktk	Bring Low
ktk	Burn Away
ktk	Canyon Lurkers
ktk	Crater's Claws
ktk	Dragon Grip
ktk	Dragon-Style Twins
ktk	Goblinslide
ktk	Firehoof Cavalry
ktk	Horde Ambusher
ktk	Hordeling Outburst
ktk	Howl of the Horde
ktk	Jeering Instigator
ktk	Leaping Master
ktk	Mardu Blazebringer
ktk	Mardu Heart-Piercer
ktk	Mardu Warshrieker
ktk	Monastery Swiftspear
ktk	Sarkhan, the Dragonspeaker
ktk	Herald of Anafenza
ktk	Shatter
ktk	Summit Prowler
ktk	Swift Kick
ktk	Tormenting Voice
ktk	Trumpet Blast
ktk	Valley Dasher
ktk	War-Name Aspirant
ktk	Alpine Grizzly
ktk	Archers' Parapet
ktk	Awaken the Bear
ktk	High Sentinels of Arashin
ktk	Become Immense
ktk	Dragonscale Boon
ktk	Feed the Clan
ktk	Hardened Scales
ktk	Heir of the Wilds
ktk	Highland Game
ktk	Hooded Hydra
ktk	Hooting Mandrills
ktk	Incremental Growth
ktk	Kin-Tree Warden
ktk	Jeskai Student
ktk	Longshot Squad
ktk	Meandering Towershell
ktk	Naturalize
ktk	Pine Walker
ktk	Rattleclaw Mystic
ktk	Roar of Challenge
ktk	Sagu Archer
ktk	Savage Punch
ktk	Scout the Borders
ktk	See the Unwritten
ktk	Kill Shot
ktk	Seek the Horizon
ktk	Smoke Teller
ktk	Sultai Flayer
ktk	Temur Charger
ktk	Trail of Mystery
ktk	Tusked Colossodon
ktk	Tuskguard Captain
ktk	Windstorm
ktk	Woolly Loxodon
ktk	Abomination of Gudul
ktk	Mardu Hateblade
ktk	Abzan Ascendancy
ktk	Abzan Charm
ktk	Abzan Guide
ktk	Anafenza, the Foremost
ktk	Ankle Shanker
ktk	Armament Corps
ktk	Avalanche Tusker
ktk	Bear's Companion
ktk	Butcher of the Horde
ktk	Chief of the Edge
ktk	Mardu Hordechief
ktk	Chief of the Scale
ktk	Crackling Doom
ktk	Death Frenzy
ktk	Deflecting Palm
ktk	Duneblast
ktk	Efreet Weaponmaster
ktk	Flying Crane Technique
ktk	Highspire Mantis
ktk	Icefeather Aven
ktk	Ivorytusk Fortress
ktk	Master of Pearls
ktk	Jeskai Ascendancy
ktk	Jeskai Charm
ktk	Kheru Lich Lord
ktk	Kin-Tree Invocation
ktk	Mantis Rider
ktk	Mardu Ascendancy
ktk	Mardu Charm
ktk	Mardu Roughrider
ktk	Master the Way
ktk	Mindswipe
ktk	Rush of Battle
ktk	Narset, Enlightened Master
ktk	Ponyback Brigade
ktk	Rakshasa Deathdealer
ktk	Rakshasa Vizier
ktk	Ride Down
ktk	Sage of the Inward Eye
ktk	Sagu Mauler
ktk	Savage Knuckleblade
ktk	Secret Plans
ktk	Sidisi, Brood Tyrant
ktk	Abzan Falconer
ktk	Sage-Eye Harrier
ktk	Siege Rhino
ktk	Snowhorn Rider
ktk	Sorin, Solemn Visitor
ktk	Sultai Ascendancy
ktk	Sultai Charm
ktk	Sultai Soothsayer
ktk	Surrak Dragonclaw
ktk	Temur Ascendancy
ktk	Temur Charm
ktk	Trap Essence
ktk	Salt Road Patrol
ktk	Utter End
ktk	Villainous Wealth
ktk	Warden of the Eye
ktk	Winterflame
ktk	Zurgo Helmsmasher
ktk	Abzan Banner
ktk	Altar of the Brood
ktk	Briber's Purse
ktk	Cranial Archive
ktk	Dragon Throne of Tarkir
ktk	Seeker of the Way
ktk	Ghostfire Blade
ktk	Heart-Piercer Bow
ktk	Jeskai Banner
ktk	Lens of Clarity
ktk	Mardu Banner
ktk	Sultai Banner
ktk	Temur Banner
ktk	Ugin's Nexus
ktk	Witness of the Ages
ktk	Bloodfell Caves
ktk	Siegecraft
ktk	Bloodstained Mire
ktk	Blossoming Sands
ktk	Dismal Backwater
ktk	Flooded Strand
ktk	Frontier Bivouac
ktk	Jungle Hollow
ktk	Mystic Monastery
ktk	Nomad Outpost
ktk	Opulent Palace
ktk	Polluted Delta
ktk	Smite the Monstrous
ktk	Rugged Highlands
ktk	Sandsteppe Citadel
ktk	Scoured Barrens
ktk	Swiftwater Cliffs
ktk	Thornwood Falls
ktk	Tomb of the Spirit Dragon
ktk	Tranquil Cove
ktk	Wind-Scarred Crag
ktk	Windswept Heath
ktk	Wooded Foothills
ktk	Suspension Field
ktk	Plains
ktk	Plains
ktk	Plains
ktk	Plains
ktk	Island
ktk	Island
ktk	Island
ktk	Island
ktk	Swamp
ktk	Swamp
ktk	Take Up Arms
ktk	Swamp
ktk	Swamp
ktk	Mountain
ktk	Mountain
ktk	Mountain
ktk	Mountain
ktk	Forest
ktk	Forest
ktk	Forest
ktk	Forest
ktk	Timely Hordemate
ktk	Venerable Lammasu
ktk	War Behemoth
ktk	Ainok Bond-Kin
ktk	Watcher of the Roost
ktk	Wingmate Roc
ktk	Blinding Spray
ktk	Cancel
ktk	Clever Impersonator
ktk	Crippling Chill
ktk	Dig Through Time
ktk	Disdainful Stroke
ktk	Dragon's Eye Savants
ktk	Embodiment of Spring
ktk	Alabaster Kirin
ktk	Force Away
ktk	Glacial Stalker
ktk	Icy Blast
ktk	Jeskai Elder
ktk	Jeskai Windscout
ktk	Kheru Spellsnatcher
ktk	Mistfire Weaver
ktk	Monastery Flock
ktk	Mystic of the Hidden Way
ktk	Pearl Lake Ancient
ktk	Brave the Sands
ktk	Quiet Contemplation
ktk	Riverwheel Aerialists
ktk	Scaldkin
ktk	Scion of Glaciers
ktk	Set Adrift
ktk	Singing Bell Strike
ktk	Stubborn Denial
ktk	Taigam's Scheming
ktk	Thousand Winds
ktk	Treasure Cruise
ktk	Dazzling Ramparts
ktk	Waterwhirl
ktk	Weave Fate
ktk	Wetland Sambar
ktk	Whirlwind Adept
ktk	Bellowing Saddlebrute
ktk	Bitter Revelation
ktk	Bloodsoaked Champion
ktk	Dead Drop
ktk	Debilitating Injury
ktk	Despise
ktk	Defiant Strike
ktk	Disowned Ancestor
ktk	Dutiful Return
ktk	Empty the Pits
ktk	Grim Haruspex
ktk	Gurmag Swiftwing
ktk	Kheru Bloodsucker
ktk	Kheru Dreadmaw
ktk	Krumar Bond-Kin
ktk	Mardu Skullhunter
ktk	Mer-Ek Nightblade
ktk	End Hostilities
ktk	Molting Snakeskin
ktk	Murderous Cut
ktk	Necropolis Fiend
ktk	Raiders' Spoils
ktk	Rakshasa's Secret
ktk	Retribution of the Ancients
ktk	Rite of the Serpent
ktk	Rotting Mastodon
ktk	Ruthless Ripper
ktk	Shambling Attendants
ktk	Erase
ktk	Sidisi's Pet
ktk	Sultai Scavenger
ktk	Swarm of Bloodflies
ktk	Throttle
ktk	Unyielding Krumar
ktk	Act of Treason
ktk	Ainok Tracker
ktk	Arc Lightning
ktk	Arrow Storm
ktk	Ashcloud Phoenix
mlp	Earwig Squad
mlp	Vexing Shusher
mlp	Figure of Destiny
mlp	Ajani Vengeant
mlp	Obelisk of Alara
mlp	Knight of New Alara
mlp	Ant Queen
mlp	Valakut, the Molten Pinnacle
mlp	Joraga Warcaller
mlp	Lord of Shatterskull Pass
mlp	Ancient Hellkite
mlp	Steel Hellkite
mlp	Thopter Assembly
mlp	Phyrexian Metamorph
mlp	Garruk's Horde
mlp	Ludevic's Test Subject
mlp	Ludevic's Abomination
mlp	Mondronen Shaman
mlp	Tovolar's Magehunter
mlp	Restoration Angel
mlp	Staff of Nin
mlp	Deadbridge Goliath
mlp	Skarrg Goliath
mlp	Breaking
mlp	Entering
mlp	Colossal Whale
mlp	Bident of Thassa
mlp	Tromokratis
mlp	Dictate of the Twin Gods
mlp	Dragon Throne of Tarkir
mlp	In Garruk's Wake
mlp	Sandsteppe Mastodon
mlp	Deathbringer Regent
mlp	Mizzium Meddler
mlp	Blight Herder
mlp	Endbringer
mlp	Angel of Deliverance
mlp	Identity Thief
mlp	Saheeli's Artistry
mlp	Quicksmith Rebel
mlp	Oracle's Vault
mlp	Ramunap Excavator
mlp	Bishop of Rebirth
leg	Abomination
leg	Evil Eye of Orms-by-Gore
leg	Fire Sprites
leg	Floral Spuzzem
leg	Giant Turtle
leg	Glyph of Reincarnation
leg	Hornet Cobra
leg	Ichneumon Druid
leg	Killer Bees
leg	Living Plane
leg	Urborg
leg	Moss Monster
leg	Fallen Angel
leg	Pixie Queen
leg	Pradesh Gypsies
leg	Rabid Wombat
leg	Radjan Spirit
leg	Rebirth
leg	Reincarnation
leg	Revelation
leg	Shelkin Brownie
leg	Storm Seeker
leg	Ghosts of the Damned
leg	Moat
leg	Subdue
leg	Sylvan Library
leg	Sylvan Paradise
leg	Typhoon
leg	Untamed Wilds
leg	Whirling Dervish
leg	Willow Satyr
leg	Winter Blast
leg	Wolverine Pack
leg	Giant Slug
leg	Active Volcano
leg	Aerathi Berserker
leg	Backdraft
leg	Beasts of Bogardan
leg	Blazing Effigy
leg	Blood Lust
leg	Caverns of Despair
leg	Chain Lightning
leg	Crevasse
leg	Crimson Manticore
leg	Glyph of Doom
leg	Disharmony
leg	Master of the Hunt
leg	Dwarven Song
leg	Eternal Warrior
leg	Falling Star
leg	Feint
leg	Firestorm Phoenix
leg	Frost Giant
leg	Giant Strength
leg	Glyph of Destruction
leg	Gravity Sphere
leg	Greed
leg	Hyperion Blacksmith
leg	Immolation
leg	Kobold Drill Sergeant
leg	Kobold Overlord
leg	Kobold Taskmaster
leg	Land's Edge
leg	Mountain Yeti
leg	Primordial Ooze
leg	Pyrotechnics
leg	Quarum Trench Gnomes
leg	Headless Horseman
leg	Raging Bull
leg	Spinal Villain
leg	Storm World
leg	Tempest Efreet
leg	The Brute
leg	Wall of Dust
leg	Wall of Earth
leg	Wall of Heat
leg	Wall of Opposition
leg	Winds of Change
leg	Hell Swarm
leg	Akron Legionnaire
leg	Alabaster Potion
leg	Amrou Kithkin
leg	Angelic Voices
leg	Cleanse
leg	Clergy of the Holy Nimbus
leg	D'Avenant Archer
leg	Divine Intervention
leg	Divine Offering
leg	Divine Transformation
leg	Hellfire
leg	Elder Land Wurm
leg	Silhouette
leg	Enchanted Being
leg	Equinox
leg	Fortified Area
leg	Glyph of Life
leg	Great Defender
leg	Great Wall
leg	Greater Realm of Preservation
leg	Heaven's Gate
leg	Holy Day
leg	Hell's Caretaker
leg	Indestructible Aura
leg	Infinite Authority
leg	Ivory Guardians
leg	Keepers of the Faith
leg	Kismet
leg	Land Tax
leg	Lifeblood
leg	Osai Vultures
leg	Petra Sphinx
leg	All Hallow's Eve
leg	Horror of Horrors
leg	Presence of the Master
leg	Rapid Fire
leg	Remove Enchantments
leg	Righteous Avengers
leg	Seeker
leg	Shield Wall
leg	Spirit Link
leg	Spiritual Sanctuary
leg	Thunder Spirit
leg	Tundra Wolves
leg	Imprison
leg	Visions
leg	Wall of Caltrops
leg	Wall of Light
leg	Al-abara's Carpet
leg	Alchor's Tomb
leg	Arena of the Ancients
leg	Black Mana Battery
leg	Blue Mana Battery
leg	Bronze Horse
leg	Crimson Kobolds
leg	Infernal Medusa
leg	Crookshank Kobolds
leg	Forethought Amulet
leg	Gauntlets of Chaos
leg	Green Mana Battery
leg	Horn of Deafening
leg	Knowledge Vault
leg	Kobolds of Kher Keep
leg	Kry Shield
leg	Life Chisel
leg	Life Matrix
leg	Jovial Evil
leg	Mana Matrix
leg	Marble Priest
leg	Mirror Universe
leg	North Star
leg	Nova Pentacle
leg	Planar Gate
leg	Red Mana Battery
leg	Relic Barrier
leg	Ring of Immortals
leg	Sentinel
leg	Lesser Werewolf
leg	Serpent Generator
leg	Sword of the Ages
leg	Triassic Egg
leg	Voodoo Doll
leg	White Mana Battery
leg	Adventurers' Guildhouse
leg	Ur-Drago
leg	Cathedral of Serra
leg	Hammerheim
leg	Karakas
leg	Mountain Stronghold
leg	Lost Soul
leg	Pendelhaven
leg	Seafarer's Quay
leg	The Tabernacle at Pendrell Vale
leg	Tolaria
leg	Unholy Citadel
leg	Adun Oakenshield
leg	Angus Mackenzie
leg	Arcades Sabboth
leg	Axelrod Gunnarson
leg	Mold Demon
leg	Ayesha Tanaka
leg	Barktooth Warbeard
leg	Bartel Runeaxe
leg	Boris Devilboon
leg	Wood Elemental
leg	Chromium
leg	Dakkon Blackblade
leg	Gabriel Angelfire
leg	Gosta Dirk
leg	Gwendlyn Di Corci
leg	Halfdane
leg	Nether Void
leg	Hazezon Tamar
leg	Hunding Gjornersen
leg	Jacques le Vert
leg	Jasmine Boreal
leg	Jedit Ojanen
leg	Jerrard of the Closed Fist
leg	Johan
leg	Kasimir the Lone Wolf
leg	Kei Takahashi
leg	Lady Caleria
leg	Pit Scorpion
leg	Lady Evangela
leg	Lady Orca
leg	Livonya Silone
leg	Lord Magnus
leg	Marhault Elsdragon
leg	Nebuchadnezzar
leg	Nicol Bolas
leg	Palladia-Mors
leg	Pavel Maliki
leg	Princess Lucrezia
leg	Quagmire
leg	Ragnar
leg	Ramirez DePietro
leg	Ramses Overdark
leg	Rasputin Dreamweaver
leg	Riven Turnbull
leg	Rohgahh of Kher Keep
leg	Rubinia Soulsinger
leg	Sir Shandlar of Eberyn
leg	Sivitri Scarzam
leg	Sol'kanar the Swamp King
leg	Blight
leg	Shimian Night Stalker
leg	Stangg
leg	Sunastian Falconer
leg	Tetsuo Umezawa
leg	The Lady of the Mountain
leg	Tobias Andrion
leg	Tor Wauki
leg	Torsten Von Ursus
leg	Tuknir Deathlock
leg	Vaevictis Asmadi
leg	Spirit Shackle
leg	Xira Arien
leg	Syphon Soul
leg	Takklemaggot
leg	The Wretched
leg	Touch of Darkness
leg	Transmutation
leg	Underworld Dreams
leg	Vampire Bats
leg	Carrion Ants
leg	Walking Dead
leg	Wall of Putrid Flesh
leg	Wall of Shadows
leg	Wall of Tombstones
leg	Acid Rain
leg	Anti-Magic Aura
leg	Azure Drake
leg	Backfire
leg	Boomerang
leg	Brine Hag
leg	Rust
leg	Chains of Mephistopheles
leg	Devouring Deep
leg	Dream Coat
leg	Elder Spawn
leg	Enchantment Alteration
leg	Energy Tap
leg	Field of Dreams
leg	Flash Counter
leg	Flash Flood
leg	Force Spike
leg	Gaseous Form
leg	Cosmic Horror
leg	Glyph of Delusion
leg	In the Eye of Chaos
leg	Invoke Prejudice
leg	Juxtapose
leg	Land Equilibrium
leg	Mana Drain
leg	Part Water
leg	Psionic Entity
leg	Psychic Purge
leg	Puppet Master
leg	Cyclopean Mummy
leg	The Abyss
leg	Recall
leg	Relic Bind
leg	Remove Soul
leg	Reset
leg	Reverberation
leg	Sea Kings' Blessing
leg	Segovian Leviathan
leg	Spectral Cloak
leg	Telekinesis
leg	Darkness
leg	Teleport
leg	Time Elemental
leg	Undertow
leg	Venarian Gold
leg	Wall of Vapor
leg	Wall of Wonder
leg	Zephyr Falcon
leg	Aisling Leprechaun
leg	Arboria
leg	Avoid Fate
leg	Demonic Torment
leg	Barbary Apes
leg	Cat Warriors
leg	Cocoon
leg	Concordant Crossroads
leg	Craw Giant
leg	Deadfall
leg	Durkwood Boars
leg	Elven Riders
leg	Emerald Dragonfly
leg	Eureka
lgn	Akroma, Angel of Wrath
lgn	Daru Stinger
lgn	Goblin Grappler
lgn	Goblin Lookout
lgn	Hunter Sliver
lgn	Imperial Hellkite
lgn	Kilnmouth Dragon
lgn	Lavaborn Muse
lgn	Macetail Hystrodon
lgn	Magma Sliver
lgn	Ridgetop Raptor
lgn	Rockshard Elemental
lgn	Defender of the Order
lgn	Shaleskin Plower
lgn	Skirk Alarmist
lgn	Skirk Drill Sergeant
lgn	Skirk Marauder
lgn	Skirk Outrider
lgn	Unstable Hulk
lgn	Warbreak Trumpeter
lgn	Berserk Murlodont
lgn	Branchsnap Lorian
lgn	Brontotherium
lgn	Deftblade Elite
lgn	Brood Sliver
lgn	Caller of the Claw
lgn	Canopy Crawler
lgn	Defiant Elf
lgn	Elvish Soultiller
lgn	Enormous Baloth
lgn	Feral Throwback
lgn	Gempalm Strider
lgn	Glowering Rogon
lgn	Hundroog
lgn	Essence Sliver
lgn	Krosan Cloudscraper
lgn	Krosan Vorine
lgn	Nantuko Vigilante
lgn	Needleshot Gourna
lgn	Patron of the Wild
lgn	Primal Whisperer
lgn	Quick Sliver
lgn	Root Sliver
lgn	Seedborn Muse
lgn	Stonewood Invoker
lgn	Gempalm Avenger
lgn	Timberwatch Elf
lgn	Totem Speaker
lgn	Tribal Forcemage
lgn	Vexing Beetle
lgn	Wirewood Channeler
lgn	Wirewood Hivemaster
lgn	Glowrider
lgn	Liege of the Axe
lgn	Lowland Tracker
lgn	Planar Guide
lgn	Plated Sliver
lgn	Akroma's Devoted
lgn	Starlight Invoker
lgn	Stoic Champion
lgn	Sunstrike Legionnaire
lgn	Swooping Talon
lgn	Wall of Hope
lgn	Ward Sliver
lgn	Whipgrass Entangler
lgn	White Knight
lgn	Windborn Muse
lgn	Wingbeat Warrior
lgn	Aven Redeemer
lgn	Aven Envoy
lgn	Cephalid Pathmage
lgn	Chromeshell Crab
lgn	Covert Operative
lgn	Crookclaw Elder
lgn	Dermoplasm
lgn	Dreamborn Muse
lgn	Echo Tracer
lgn	Fugitive Wizard
lgn	Gempalm Sorcerer
lgn	Aven Warhawk
lgn	Glintwing Invoker
lgn	Keeneye Aven
lgn	Keeper of the Nine Gales
lgn	Master of the Veil
lgn	Merchant of Secrets
lgn	Mistform Seaswift
lgn	Mistform Sliver
lgn	Mistform Ultimus
lgn	Mistform Wakecaster
lgn	Primoc Escapee
lgn	Beacon of Destiny
lgn	Riptide Director
lgn	Riptide Mangler
lgn	Shifting Sliver
lgn	Synapse Sliver
lgn	Voidmage Apprentice
lgn	Wall of Deceit
lgn	Warped Researcher
lgn	Weaver of Lies
lgn	Willbender
lgn	Aphetto Exterminator
lgn	Celestial Gatekeeper
lgn	Bane of the Living
lgn	Blood Celebrant
lgn	Corpse Harvester
lgn	Crypt Sliver
lgn	Dark Supplicant
lgn	Deathmark Prelate
lgn	Drinker of Sorrow
lgn	Dripping Dead
lgn	Earthblighter
lgn	Embalmed Brawler
lgn	Cloudreach Cavalry
lgn	Gempalm Polluter
lgn	Ghastly Remains
lgn	Goblin Turncoat
lgn	Graveborn Muse
lgn	Havoc Demon
lgn	Hollow Specter
lgn	Infernal Caretaker
lgn	Noxious Ghoul
lgn	Phage the Untouchable
lgn	Scion of Darkness
lgn	Daru Mender
lgn	Skinthinner
lgn	Smokespew Invoker
lgn	Sootfeather Flock
lgn	Spectral Sliver
lgn	Toxin Sliver
lgn	Vile Deacon
lgn	Withered Wretch
lgn	Zombie Brute
lgn	Blade Sliver
lgn	Bloodstoke Howler
lgn	Daru Sanctifier
lgn	Clickslither
lgn	Crested Craghorn
lgn	Flamewave Invoker
lgn	Frenetic Raptor
lgn	Gempalm Incinerator
lgn	Goblin Assassin
lgn	Goblin Clearcutter
lgn	Goblin Dynamo
lgn	Goblin Firebug
lgn	Goblin Goon
lea	Animate Dead
lea	Deathlace
lea	Elvish Archers
lea	Fastbond
lea	Fog
lea	Force of Nature
lea	Fungusaur
lea	Gaea's Liege
lea	Giant Growth
lea	Giant Spider
lea	Grizzly Bears
lea	Hurricane
lea	Demonic Attorney
lea	Instill Energy
lea	Ironroot Treefolk
lea	Kudzu
lea	Ley Druid
lea	Lifeforce
lea	Lifelace
lea	Living Artifact
lea	Living Lands
lea	Llanowar Elves
lea	Demonic Hordes
lea	Lure
lea	Natural Selection
lea	Regeneration
lea	Regrowth
lea	Scryb Sprites
lea	Shanodin Dryads
lea	Stream of Life
lea	Thicket Basilisk
lea	Timber Wolves
lea	Tranquility
lea	Demonic Tutor
lea	Tsunami
lea	Verduran Enchantress
lea	Wall of Brambles
lea	Wall of Ice
lea	Wall of Wood
lea	Wanderlust
lea	War Mammoth
lea	Web
lea	Wild Growth
lea	Burrowing
lea	Drain Life
lea	Chaoslace
lea	Disintegrate
lea	Dragon Whelp
lea	Dwarven Demolition Team
lea	Dwarven Warriors
lea	Earth Elemental
lea	Earthbind
lea	Earthquake
lea	False Orders
lea	Fire Elemental
lea	Drudge Skeletons
lea	Fireball
lea	Firebreathing
lea	Flashfires
lea	Fork
lea	Goblin Balloon Brigade
lea	Goblin King
lea	Granite Gargoyle
lea	Gray Ogre
lea	Hill Giant
lea	Hurloon Minotaur
lea	Evil Presence
lea	Ironclaw Orcs
lea	Keldon Warlord
lea	Lightning Bolt
lea	Mana Flare
lea	Manabarbs
lea	Mons's Goblin Raiders
lea	Orcish Artillery
lea	Orcish Oriflamme
lea	Power Surge
lea	Raging River
lea	Fear
lea	Red Elemental Blast
lea	Roc of Kher Ridges
lea	Rock Hydra
lea	Sedge Troll
lea	Shatter
lea	Shivan Dragon
lea	Smoke
lea	Stone Giant
lea	Stone Rain
lea	Tunnel
lea	Frozen Shade
lea	Two-Headed Giant of Foriys
lea	Uthden Troll
lea	Wall of Fire
lea	Wall of Stone
lea	Wheel of Fortune
lea	Animate Wall
lea	Armageddon
lea	Balance
lea	Lance
lea	Benalish Hero
lea	Black Ward
lea	Gloom
lea	Blaze of Glory
lea	Blessing
lea	Blue Ward
lea	Castle
lea	Circle of Protection: Blue
lea	Circle of Protection: Green
lea	Circle of Protection: Red
lea	Circle of Protection: White
lea	Consecrate Land
lea	Conversion
lea	Bad Moon
lea	Howl from Beyond
lea	Crusade
lea	Death Ward
lea	Disenchant
lea	Farmstead
lea	Green Ward
lea	Guardian Angel
lea	Healing Salve
lea	Holy Armor
lea	Holy Strength
lea	Island Sanctuary
lea	Hypnotic Specter
lea	Karma
lea	Mesa Pegasus
lea	Northern Paladin
lea	Pearled Unicorn
lea	Personal Incarnation
lea	Purelace
lea	Red Ward
lea	Resurrection
lea	Reverse Damage
lea	Righteousness
lea	Samite Healer
lea	Savannah Lions
lea	Serra Angel
lea	Swords to Plowshares
lea	Veteran Bodyguard
lea	Wall of Swords
lea	White Knight
lea	White Ward
lea	Wrath of God
lea	Lord of the Pit
lea	Ankh of Mishra
lea	Basalt Monolith
lea	Black Vise
lea	Celestial Prism
lea	Chaos Orb
lea	Clockwork Beast
lea	Conservator
lea	Lich
lea	Copper Tablet
lea	Crystal Rod
lea	Mind Twist
lea	Cyclopean Tomb
lea	Dingus Egg
lea	Disrupting Scepter
lea	Forcefield
lea	Gauntlet of Might
lea	Glasses of Urza
lea	Helm of Chatzuk
lea	Howling Mine
lea	Icy Manipulator
lea	Illusionary Mask
lea	Nether Shadow
lea	Iron Star
lea	Ivory Cup
lea	Jade Monolith
lea	Jade Statue
lea	Jayemdae Tome
lea	Juggernaut
lea	Kormus Bell
lea	Library of Leng
lea	Living Wall
lea	Mana Vault
lea	Nettling Imp
lea	Meekstone
lea	Mox Emerald
lea	Mox Jet
lea	Mox Pearl
lea	Mox Ruby
lea	Mox Sapphire
lea	Nevinyrral's Disk
lea	Obsianus Golem
lea	Rod of Ruin
lea	Sol Ring
lea	Nightmare
lea	Soul Net
lea	Sunglasses of Urza
lea	The Hive
lea	Throne of Bone
lea	Time Vault
lea	Winter Orb
lea	Wooden Sphere
lea	Badlands
lea	Bayou
lea	Forest
lea	Forest
lea	Paralyze
lea	Island
lea	Island
lea	Mountain
lea	Mountain
lea	Plains
lea	Plains
lea	Plateau
lea	Savannah
lea	Scrubland
lea	Pestilence
lea	Swamp
lea	Swamp
lea	Taiga
lea	Tropical Island
lea	Tundra
lea	Underground Sea
lea	Black Knight
lea	Plague Rats
lea	Raise Dead
lea	Royal Assassin
lea	Sacrifice
lea	Scathe Zombies
lea	Scavenging Ghoul
lea	Sengir Vampire
lea	Simulacrum
lea	Sinkhole
lea	Terror
lea	Bog Wraith
lea	Unholy Strength
lea	Wall of Bone
lea	Warp Artifact
lea	Weakness
lea	Will-o'-the-Wisp
lea	Word of Command
lea	Zombie Master
lea	Air Elemental
lea	Ancestral Recall
lea	Animate Artifact
lea	Contract from Below
lea	Blue Elemental Blast
lea	Braingeyser
lea	Clone
lea	Control Magic
lea	Copy Artifact
lea	Counterspell
lea	Creature Bond
lea	Drain Power
lea	Feedback
lea	Flight
lea	Cursed Land
lea	Invisibility
lea	Jump
lea	Lifetap
lea	Lord of Atlantis
lea	Magical Hack
lea	Mahamoti Djinn
lea	Mana Short
lea	Merfolk of the Pearl Trident
lea	Phantasmal Forces
lea	Phantasmal Terrain
lea	Dark Ritual
lea	Black Lotus
lea	Phantom Monster
lea	Pirate Ship
lea	Power Leak
lea	Power Sink
lea	Prodigal Sorcerer
lea	Psionic Blast
lea	Ice Storm
lea	Psychic Venom
lea	Sea Serpent
lea	Siren's Call
lea	Sleight of Mind
lea	Darkpact
lea	Spell Blast
lea	Stasis
lea	Steal Artifact
lea	Thoughtlace
lea	Time Walk
lea	Timetwister
lea	Twiddle
lea	Unsummon
lea	Vesuvan Doppelganger
lea	Volcanic Eruption
lea	Deathgrip
lea	Wall of Air
lea	Wall of Water
lea	Water Elemental
lea	Aspect of Wolf
lea	Berserk
lea	Birds of Paradise
lea	Camouflage
lea	Channel
lea	Cockatrice
lea	Craw Wurm
leb	Animate Dead
leb	Bad Moon
leb	Black Knight
leb	Bog Wraith
leb	Contract from Below
leb	Cursed Land
leb	Dark Ritual
leb	Darkpact
leb	Deathgrip
leb	Deathlace
leb	Demonic Attorney
leb	Demonic Hordes
leb	Demonic Tutor
leb	Drain Life
leb	Drudge Skeletons
leb	Evil Presence
leb	Fear
leb	Frozen Shade
leb	Gloom
leb	Howl from Beyond
leb	Hypnotic Specter
leb	Lich
leb	Lord of the Pit
leb	Mind Twist
leb	Nether Shadow
leb	Nettling Imp
leb	Nightmare
leb	Paralyze
leb	Pestilence
leb	Plague Rats
leb	Raise Dead
leb	Royal Assassin
leb	Sacrifice
leb	Scathe Zombies
leb	Scavenging Ghoul
leb	Sengir Vampire
leb	Simulacrum
leb	Sinkhole
leb	Terror
leb	Unholy Strength
leb	Wall of Bone
leb	Warp Artifact
leb	Weakness
leb	Will-o'-the-Wisp
leb	Word of Command
leb	Zombie Master
leb	Air Elemental
leb	Ancestral Recall
leb	Animate Artifact
leb	Blue Elemental Blast
leb	Braingeyser
leb	Clone
leb	Control Magic
leb	Copy Artifact
leb	Counterspell
leb	Creature Bond
leb	Drain Power
leb	Feedback
leb	Flight
leb	Invisibility
leb	Jump
leb	Lifetap
leb	Lord of Atlantis
leb	Magical Hack
leb	Mahamoti Djinn
leb	Mana Short
leb	Merfolk of the Pearl Trident
leb	Phantasmal Forces
leb	Phantasmal Terrain
leb	Phantom Monster
leb	Pirate Ship
leb	Power Leak
leb	Power Sink
leb	Prodigal Sorcerer
leb	Psionic Blast
leb	Psychic Venom
leb	Sea Serpent
leb	Siren's Call
leb	Sleight of Mind
leb	Spell Blast
leb	Stasis
leb	Steal Artifact
leb	Thoughtlace
leb	Time Walk
leb	Timetwister
leb	Twiddle
leb	Unsummon
leb	Vesuvan Doppelganger
leb	Volcanic Eruption
leb	Wall of Air
leb	Wall of Water
leb	Water Elemental
leb	Aspect of Wolf
leb	Berserk
leb	Birds of Paradise
leb	Camouflage
leb	Channel
leb	Cockatrice
leb	Craw Wurm
leb	Elvish Archers
leb	Fastbond
leb	Fog
leb	Force of Nature
leb	Fungusaur
leb	Gaea's Liege
leb	Giant Growth
leb	Giant Spider
leb	Grizzly Bears
leb	Hurricane
leb	Ice Storm
leb	Instill Energy
leb	Ironroot Treefolk
leb	Kudzu
leb	Ley Druid
leb	Lifeforce
leb	Lifelace
leb	Living Artifact
leb	Living Lands
leb	Llanowar Elves
leb	Lure
leb	Natural Selection
leb	Regeneration
leb	Regrowth
leb	Scryb Sprites
leb	Shanodin Dryads
leb	Stream of Life
leb	Thicket Basilisk
leb	Timber Wolves
leb	Tranquility
leb	Tsunami
leb	Verduran Enchantress
leb	Wall of Brambles
leb	Wall of Ice
leb	Wall of Wood
leb	Wanderlust
leb	War Mammoth
leb	Web
leb	Wild Growth
leb	Badlands
leb	Burrowing
leb	Chaoslace
leb	Disintegrate
leb	Dragon Whelp
leb	Dwarven Demolition Team
leb	Dwarven Warriors
leb	Earth Elemental
leb	Earthbind
leb	Earthquake
leb	False Orders
leb	Fire Elemental
leb	Fireball
leb	Firebreathing
leb	Flashfires
leb	Fork
leb	Goblin Balloon Brigade
leb	Goblin King
leb	Granite Gargoyle
leb	Gray Ogre
leb	Hill Giant
leb	Hurloon Minotaur
leb	Ironclaw Orcs
leb	Keldon Warlord
leb	Lightning Bolt
leb	Mana Flare
leb	Manabarbs
leb	Mons's Goblin Raiders
leb	Orcish Artillery
leb	Orcish Oriflamme
leb	Power Surge
leb	Raging River
leb	Red Elemental Blast
leb	Roc of Kher Ridges
leb	Rock Hydra
leb	Sedge Troll
leb	Shatter
leb	Shivan Dragon
leb	Smoke
leb	Stone Giant
leb	Stone Rain
leb	Tunnel
leb	Two-Headed Giant of Foriys
leb	Uthden Troll
leb	Wall of Fire
leb	Wall of Stone
leb	Wheel of Fortune
leb	Animate Wall
leb	Armageddon
leb	Balance
leb	Benalish Hero
leb	Black Ward
leb	Blaze of Glory
leb	Blessing
leb	Blue Ward
leb	Castle
leb	Circle of Protection: Black
leb	Circle of Protection: Blue
leb	Circle of Protection: Green
leb	Circle of Protection: Red
leb	Circle of Protection: White
leb	Consecrate Land
leb	Conversion
leb	Crusade
leb	Death Ward
leb	Disenchant
leb	Farmstead
leb	Green Ward
leb	Guardian Angel
leb	Healing Salve
leb	Holy Armor
leb	Holy Strength
leb	Island Sanctuary
leb	Karma
leb	Lance
leb	Mesa Pegasus
leb	Northern Paladin
leb	Pearled Unicorn
leb	Personal Incarnation
leb	Purelace
leb	Red Ward
leb	Resurrection
leb	Reverse Damage
leb	Righteousness
leb	Samite Healer
leb	Savannah Lions
leb	Serra Angel
leb	Swords to Plowshares
leb	Veteran Bodyguard
leb	Wall of Swords
leb	White Knight
leb	White Ward
leb	Wrath of God
leb	Ankh of Mishra
leb	Basalt Monolith
leb	Black Lotus
leb	Black Vise
leb	Celestial Prism
leb	Chaos Orb
leb	Clockwork Beast
leb	Conservator
leb	Copper Tablet
leb	Crystal Rod
leb	Cyclopean Tomb
leb	Dingus Egg
leb	Disrupting Scepter
leb	Forcefield
leb	Gauntlet of Might
leb	Glasses of Urza
leb	Helm of Chatzuk
leb	Howling Mine
leb	Icy Manipulator
leb	Illusionary Mask
leb	Iron Star
leb	Ivory Cup
leb	Jade Monolith
leb	Jade Statue
leb	Jayemdae Tome
leb	Juggernaut
leb	Kormus Bell
leb	Library of Leng
leb	Living Wall
leb	Mana Vault
leb	Meekstone
leb	Mox Emerald
leb	Mox Jet
leb	Mox Pearl
leb	Mox Ruby
leb	Mox Sapphire
leb	Nevinyrral's Disk
leb	Obsianus Golem
leb	Rod of Ruin
leb	Sol Ring
leb	Soul Net
leb	Sunglasses of Urza
leb	The Hive
leb	Throne of Bone
leb	Time Vault
leb	Winter Orb
leb	Wooden Sphere
leb	Bayou
leb	Forest
leb	Forest
leb	Forest
leb	Island
leb	Island
leb	Island
leb	Mountain
leb	Mountain
leb	Mountain
leb	Plains
leb	Plains
leb	Plains
leb	Plateau
leb	Savannah
leb	Scrubland
leb	Swamp
leb	Swamp
leb	Swamp
leb	Taiga
leb	Tropical Island
leb	Tundra
leb	Underground Sea
leb	Volcanic Island
lrw	Ajani Goldmane
lrw	Cloudgoat Ranger
lrw	Bog Hoodlums
lrw	Boggart Birth Rite
lrw	Boggart Harbinger
lrw	Boggart Loggers
lrw	Boggart Mob
lrw	Cairn Wanderer
lrw	Colfenor's Plans
lrw	Dread
lrw	Dreamspoiler Witches
lrw	Exiled Boggart
lrw	Crib Swap
lrw	Eyeblight's Ending
lrw	Facevaulter
lrw	Faerie Tauntings
lrw	Final Revels
lrw	Fodder Launch
lrw	Footbottom Feast
lrw	Ghostly Changeling
lrw	Hoarder's Greed
lrw	Hornet Harasser
lrw	Hunter of Eyeblights
lrw	Dawnfluke
lrw	Knucklebone Witch
lrw	Liliana Vess
lrw	Lys Alana Scarblade
lrw	Mad Auntie
lrw	Makeshift Mannequin
lrw	Marsh Flitter
lrw	Moonglove Winnower
lrw	Mournwhelk
lrw	Nameless Inversion
lrw	Nath's Buffoon
lrw	Entangling Trap
lrw	Nectar Faerie
lrw	Nettlevine Blight
lrw	Nightshade Stinger
lrw	Oona's Prowler
lrw	Peppersmoke
lrw	Profane Command
lrw	Prowess of the Fair
lrw	Quill-Slinger Boggart
lrw	Scarred Vinebreeder
lrw	Shriekmaw
lrw	Favor of the Mighty
lrw	Skeletal Changeling
lrw	Spiderwig Boggart
lrw	Squeaking Pie Sneak
lrw	Thieving Sprite
lrw	Thorntooth Witch
lrw	Thoughtseize
lrw	Warren Pilferers
lrw	Weed Strangle
lrw	Adder-Staff Boggart
lrw	Ashling the Pilgrim
lrw	Galepowder Mage
lrw	Ashling's Prerogative
lrw	Axegrinder Giant
lrw	Blades of Velis Vel
lrw	Blind-Spot Giant
lrw	Boggart Forager
lrw	Boggart Shenanigans
lrw	Boggart Sprite-Chaser
lrw	Caterwauling Boggart
lrw	Ceaseless Searblades
lrw	Chandra Nalaar
lrw	Goldmeadow Dodger
lrw	Changeling Berserker
lrw	Consuming Bonfire
lrw	Crush Underfoot
lrw	Faultgrinder
lrw	Fire-Belly Changeling
lrw	Flamekin Bladewhirl
lrw	Flamekin Brawler
lrw	Flamekin Harbinger
lrw	Flamekin Spitfire
lrw	Giant Harbinger
lrw	Goldmeadow Harrier
lrw	Giant's Ire
lrw	Glarewielder
lrw	Goatnapper
lrw	Hamletback Goliath
lrw	Hearthcage Giant
lrw	Heat Shimmer
lrw	Hostility
lrw	Hurly-Burly
lrw	Incandescent Soulstoke
lrw	Incendiary Command
lrw	Goldmeadow Stalwart
lrw	Ingot Chewer
lrw	Inner-Flame Acolyte
lrw	Inner-Flame Igniter
lrw	Lash Out
lrw	Lowland Oaf
lrw	Mudbutton Torchrunner
lrw	Needle Drop
lrw	Nova Chaser
lrw	Rebellion of the Flamekin
lrw	Smokebraider
lrw	Harpoon Sniper
lrw	Soulbright Flamekin
lrw	Stinkdrinker Daredevil
lrw	Sunrise Sovereign
lrw	Tar Pitcher
lrw	Tarfire
lrw	Thundercloud Shaman
lrw	Wild Ricochet
lrw	Battlewand Oak
lrw	Bog-Strider Ash
lrw	Briarhorn
lrw	Arbiter of Knollridge
lrw	Hillcomber Giant
lrw	Changeling Titan
lrw	Cloudcrown Oak
lrw	Cloudthresher
lrw	Dauntless Dourbark
lrw	Elvish Branchbender
lrw	Elvish Eulogist
lrw	Elvish Handservant
lrw	Elvish Harbinger
lrw	Elvish Promenade
lrw	Epic Proportions
lrw	Hoofprints of the Stag
lrw	Eyes of the Wisent
lrw	Fertile Ground
lrw	Fistful of Force
lrw	Garruk Wildspeaker
lrw	Gilt-Leaf Ambush
lrw	Gilt-Leaf Seer
lrw	Guardian of Cloverdell
lrw	Heal the Scars
lrw	Hunt Down
lrw	Immaculate Magistrate
lrw	Judge of Currents
lrw	Imperious Perfect
lrw	Incremental Growth
lrw	Jagged-Scar Archers
lrw	Kithkin Daggerdare
lrw	Kithkin Mourncaller
lrw	Lace with Moonglove
lrw	Lammastide Weave
lrw	Leaf Gilder
lrw	Lignify
lrw	Lys Alana Huntmaster
lrw	Kinsbaile Balloonist
lrw	Masked Admirers
lrw	Nath's Elite
lrw	Oakgnarl Warrior
lrw	Primal Command
lrw	Rootgrapple
lrw	Seedguide Ash
lrw	Spring Cleaning
lrw	Sylvan Echoes
lrw	Timber Protector
lrw	Treefolk Harbinger
lrw	Kinsbaile Skirmisher
lrw	Vigor
lrw	Warren-Scourge Elf
lrw	Woodland Changeling
lrw	Woodland Guidance
lrw	Wren's Run Packmaster
lrw	Wren's Run Vanquisher
lrw	Brion Stoutarm
lrw	Doran, the Siege Tower
lrw	Gaddock Teeg
lrw	Horde of Notions
lrw	Kithkin Greatheart
lrw	Nath of the Gilt-Leaf
lrw	Sygg, River Guide
lrw	Wort, Boggart Auntie
lrw	Wydwen, the Biting Gale
lrw	Colfenor's Urn
lrw	Deathrender
lrw	Dolmen Gate
lrw	Herbal Poultice
lrw	Moonglove Extract
lrw	Rings of Brighthearth
lrw	Kithkin Harbinger
lrw	Runed Stalactite
lrw	Springleaf Drum
lrw	Thorn of Amethyst
lrw	Thousand-Year Elixir
lrw	Twinning Glass
lrw	Wanderer's Twig
lrw	Ancient Amphitheater
lrw	Auntie's Hovel
lrw	Gilt-Leaf Palace
lrw	Howltooth Hollow
lrw	Kithkin Healer
lrw	Mosswort Bridge
lrw	Secluded Glen
lrw	Shelldock Isle
lrw	Shimmering Grotto
lrw	Spinerock Knoll
lrw	Vivid Crag
lrw	Vivid Creek
lrw	Vivid Grove
lrw	Vivid Marsh
lrw	Vivid Meadow
lrw	Knight of Meadowgrain
lrw	Wanderwine Hub
lrw	Windbrisk Heights
lrw	Plains
lrw	Plains
lrw	Plains
lrw	Plains
lrw	Island
lrw	Island
lrw	Island
lrw	Island
lrw	Lairwatch Giant
lrw	Swamp
lrw	Swamp
lrw	Swamp
lrw	Swamp
lrw	Mountain
lrw	Mountain
lrw	Mountain
lrw	Mountain
lrw	Forest
lrw	Forest
lrw	Austere Command
lrw	Militia's Pride
lrw	Forest
lrw	Forest
lrw	Mirror Entity
lrw	Neck Snap
lrw	Oaken Brawler
lrw	Oblivion Ring
lrw	Plover Knights
lrw	Pollen Lullaby
lrw	Purity
lrw	Sentry Oak
lrw	Shields of Velis Vel
lrw	Avian Changeling
lrw	Soaring Hope
lrw	Springjack Knight
lrw	Summon the School
lrw	Surge of Thoughtweft
lrw	Thoughtweft Trio
lrw	Triclopean Sight
lrw	Veteran of the Depths
lrw	Wellgabber Apothecary
lrw	Wispmare
lrw	Wizened Cenn
lrw	Battle Mastery
lrw	Aethersnipe
lrw	Amoeboid Changeling
lrw	Aquitect's Will
lrw	Benthicore
lrw	Broken Ambitions
lrw	Captivating Glance
lrw	Cryptic Command
lrw	Deeptread Merrow
lrw	Drowner of Secrets
lrw	Ego Erasure
lrw	Brigid, Hero of Kinsbaile
lrw	Ethereal Whiskergill
lrw	Faerie Harbinger
lrw	Faerie Trickery
lrw	Fallowsage
lrw	Familiar's Ruse
lrw	Fathom Trawl
lrw	Forced Fruition
lrw	Glen Elendra Pranksters
lrw	Glimmerdust Nap
lrw	Guile
lrw	Burrenton Forge-Tender
lrw	Inkfathom Divers
lrw	Jace Beleren
lrw	Merrow Commerce
lrw	Merrow Harbinger
lrw	Merrow Reejerey
lrw	Mistbind Clique
lrw	Mulldrifter
lrw	Paperfin Rascal
lrw	Pestermite
lrw	Ponder
lrw	Cenn's Heir
lrw	Protective Bubble
lrw	Ringskipper
lrw	Scattering Stroke
lrw	Scion of Oona
lrw	Sentinels of Glen Elendra
lrw	Shapesharer
lrw	Silvergill Adept
lrw	Silvergill Douser
lrw	Sower of Temptation
lrw	Spellstutter Sprite
lrw	Changeling Hero
lrw	Stonybrook Angler
lrw	Streambed Aquitects
lrw	Surgespanner
lrw	Tideshaper Mystic
lrw	Turtleshell Changeling
lrw	Wanderwine Prophets
lrw	Whirlpool Whelm
lrw	Wings of Velis Vel
lrw	Zephyr Net
lrw	Black Poplar Shaman
m10	Ajani Goldmane
m10	Excommunicate
m10	Hypnotic Specter
m10	Kelinore Bat
m10	Liliana Vess
m10	Looming Shade
m10	Megrim
m10	Mind Rot
m10	Mind Shatter
m10	Nightmare
m10	Relentless Rats
m10	Rise from the Grave
m10	Glorious Charge
m10	Royal Assassin
m10	Sanguine Bond
m10	Sign in Blood
m10	Soul Bleed
m10	Tendrils of Corruption
m10	Underworld Dreams
m10	Unholy Strength
m10	Vampire Aristocrat
m10	Vampire Nocturnus
m10	Wall of Bone
m10	Griffin Sentinel
m10	Warpath Ghoul
m10	Weakness
m10	Xathrid Demon
m10	Zombie Goliath
m10	Act of Treason
m10	Ball Lightning
m10	Berserkers of Blood Ridge
m10	Bogardan Hellkite
m10	Burning Inquiry
m10	Burst of Speed
m10	Guardian Seraph
m10	Canyon Minotaur
m10	Capricious Efreet
m10	Chandra Nalaar
m10	Dragon Whelp
m10	Earthquake
m10	Fiery Hellhound
m10	Fireball
m10	Firebreathing
m10	Goblin Artillery
m10	Goblin Chieftain
m10	Harm's Way
m10	Goblin Piker
m10	Ignite Disorder
m10	Inferno Elemental
m10	Jackal Familiar
m10	Kindled Fury
m10	Lava Axe
m10	Lightning Bolt
m10	Lightning Elemental
m10	Magma Phoenix
m10	Manabarbs
m10	Holy Strength
m10	Panic Attack
m10	Prodigal Pyromancer
m10	Pyroclasm
m10	Raging Goblin
m10	Seismic Strike
m10	Shatter
m10	Shivan Dragon
m10	Siege-Gang Commander
m10	Sparkmage Apprentice
m10	Stone Giant
m10	Honor of the Pure
m10	Trumpet Blast
m10	Viashino Spearhunter
m10	Wall of Fire
m10	Warp World
m10	Yawning Fissure
m10	Acidic Slime
m10	Ant Queen
m10	Awakener Druid
m10	Birds of Paradise
m10	Borderland Ranger
m10	Indestructibility
m10	Bountiful Harvest
m10	Bramble Creeper
m10	Centaur Courser
m10	Craw Wurm
m10	Cudgel Troll
m10	Deadly Recluse
m10	Elvish Archdruid
m10	Elvish Piper
m10	Elvish Visionary
m10	Emerald Oryx
m10	Lifelink
m10	Enormous Baloth
m10	Entangling Vines
m10	Fog
m10	Garruk Wildspeaker
m10	Giant Growth
m10	Giant Spider
m10	Great Sable Stag
m10	Howl of the Night Pack
m10	Kalonian Behemoth
m10	Llanowar Elves
m10	Lightwielder Paladin
m10	Lurking Predators
m10	Master of the Wild Hunt
m10	Might of Oaks
m10	Mist Leopard
m10	Mold Adder
m10	Naturalize
m10	Nature's Spiral
m10	Oakenform
m10	Overrun
m10	Prized Unicorn
m10	Angel's Mercy
m10	Mesa Enchantress
m10	Protean Hydra
m10	Rampant Growth
m10	Regenerate
m10	Runeclaw Bear
m10	Stampeding Rhino
m10	Windstorm
m10	Angel's Feather
m10	Coat of Arms
m10	Darksteel Colossus
m10	Demon's Horn
m10	Open the Vaults
m10	Dragon's Claw
m10	Gorgon Flail
m10	Howling Mine
m10	Kraken's Eye
m10	Magebane Armor
m10	Mirror of Fate
m10	Ornithopter
m10	Pithing Needle
m10	Platinum Angel
m10	Rod of Ruin
m10	Pacifism
m10	Spellbook
m10	Whispersilk Cloak
m10	Wurm's Tooth
m10	Dragonskull Summit
m10	Drowned Catacomb
m10	Gargoyle Castle
m10	Glacial Fortress
m10	Rootbound Crag
m10	Sunpetal Grove
m10	Terramorphic Expanse
m10	Palace Guard
m10	Plains
m10	Plains
m10	Plains
m10	Plains
m10	Island
m10	Island
m10	Island
m10	Island
m10	Swamp
m10	Swamp
m10	Planar Cleansing
m10	Swamp
m10	Swamp
m10	Mountain
m10	Mountain
m10	Mountain
m10	Mountain
m10	Forest
m10	Forest
m10	Forest
m10	Forest
m10	Razorfoot Griffin
m10	Rhox Pikemaster
m10	Righteousness
m10	Safe Passage
m10	Serra Angel
m10	Armored Ascension
m10	Siege Mastodon
m10	Silence
m10	Silvercoat Lion
m10	Solemn Offering
m10	Soul Warden
m10	Stormfront Pegasus
m10	Tempest of Light
m10	Undead Slayer
m10	Veteran Armorsmith
m10	Veteran Swordsmith
m10	Baneslayer Angel
m10	Wall of Faith
m10	White Knight
m10	Air Elemental
m10	Alluring Siren
m10	Cancel
m10	Clone
m10	Convincing Mirage
m10	Coral Merfolk
m10	Disorient
m10	Divination
m10	Blinding Mage
m10	Djinn of Wishes
m10	Essence Scatter
m10	Fabricate
m10	Flashfreeze
m10	Hive Mind
m10	Horned Turtle
m10	Ice Cage
m10	Illusionary Servant
m10	Jace Beleren
m10	Jump
m10	Captain of the Watch
m10	Levitation
m10	Merfolk Looter
m10	Merfolk Sovereign
m10	Mind Control
m10	Mind Spring
m10	Negate
m10	Phantom Warrior
m10	Polymorph
m10	Ponder
m10	Sage Owl
m10	Celestial Purge
m10	Serpent of the Endless Sea
m10	Sleep
m10	Snapping Drake
m10	Sphinx Ambassador
m10	Telepathy
m10	Time Warp
m10	Tome Scour
m10	Traumatize
m10	Twincast
m10	Unsummon
m10	Divine Verdict
m10	Wall of Frost
m10	Wind Drake
m10	Zephyr Sprite
m10	Acolyte of Xathrid
m10	Assassinate
m10	Black Knight
m10	Bog Wraith
m10	Cemetery Reaper
m10	Child of Night
m10	Consume Spirit
m10	Elite Vanguard
m10	Deathmark
m10	Diabolic Tutor
m10	Disentomb
m10	Doom Blade
m10	Dread Warlock
m10	Drudge Skeletons
m10	Duress
m10	Gravedigger
m10	Haunting Echoes
m10	Howling Banshee
m11	Ajani Goldmane
m11	Cloud Crusader
m11	Howling Banshee
m11	Leyline of the Void
m11	Liliana Vess
m11	Liliana's Caress
m11	Liliana's Specter
m11	Mind Rot
m11	Nantuko Shade
m11	Necrotic Plague
m11	Nether Horror
m11	Nightwing Shade
m11	Condemn
m11	Phylactery Lich
m11	Quag Sickness
m11	Reassembling Skeleton
m11	Relentless Rats
m11	Rise from the Grave
m11	Rotting Legion
m11	Royal Assassin
m11	Sign in Blood
m11	Stabbing Pain
m11	Unholy Strength
m11	Day of Judgment
m11	Viscera Seer
m11	Act of Treason
m11	Ancient Hellkite
m11	Arc Runner
m11	Berserkers of Blood Ridge
m11	Bloodcrazed Goblin
m11	Canyon Minotaur
m11	Chandra Nalaar
m11	Chandra's Outrage
m11	Chandra's Spitfire
m11	Elite Vanguard
m11	Combust
m11	Cyclops Gladiator
m11	Demolish
m11	Destructive Force
m11	Earth Servant
m11	Ember Hauler
m11	Fiery Hellhound
m11	Fire Servant
m11	Fireball
m11	Fling
m11	Excommunicate
m11	Goblin Balloon Brigade
m11	Goblin Chieftain
m11	Goblin Piker
m11	Goblin Tunneler
m11	Hoarding Dragon
m11	Incite
m11	Inferno Titan
m11	Lava Axe
m11	Leyline of Punishment
m11	Lightning Bolt
m11	Goldenglow Moth
m11	Magma Phoenix
m11	Manic Vandal
m11	Prodigal Pyromancer
m11	Pyretic Ritual
m11	Pyroclasm
m11	Reverberate
m11	Shiv's Embrace
m11	Thunder Strike
m11	Volcanic Strength
m11	Vulshok Berserker
m11	Holy Strength
m11	Wild Evocation
m11	Acidic Slime
m11	Autumn's Veil
m11	Awakener Druid
m11	Back to Nature
m11	Birds of Paradise
m11	Brindle Boar
m11	Cudgel Troll
m11	Cultivate
m11	Dryad's Favor
m11	Honor of the Pure
m11	Duskdale Wurm
m11	Elvish Archdruid
m11	Fauna Shaman
m11	Fog
m11	Gaea's Revenge
m11	Garruk Wildspeaker
m11	Garruk's Companion
m11	Garruk's Packleader
m11	Giant Growth
m11	Giant Spider
m11	Infantry Veteran
m11	Greater Basilisk
m11	Hornet Sting
m11	Hunters' Feast
m11	Leyline of Vitality
m11	Llanowar Elves
m11	Mitotic Slime
m11	Naturalize
m11	Nature's Spiral
m11	Obstinate Baloth
m11	Overwhelming Stampede
m11	Inspired Charge
m11	Plummet
m11	Primal Cocoon
m11	Primeval Titan
m11	Prized Unicorn
m11	Protean Hydra
m11	Runeclaw Bear
m11	Sacred Wolf
m11	Spined Wurm
m11	Sylvan Ranger
m11	Wall of Vines
m11	Ajani's Mantra
m11	Knight Exemplar
m11	Yavimaya Wurm
m11	Angel's Feather
m11	Brittle Effigy
m11	Crystal Ball
m11	Demon's Horn
m11	Dragon's Claw
m11	Elixir of Immortality
m11	Gargoyle Sentinel
m11	Jinxed Idol
m11	Juggernaut
m11	Leyline of Sanctity
m11	Kraken's Eye
m11	Ornithopter
m11	Platinum Angel
m11	Sorcerer's Strongbox
m11	Steel Overseer
m11	Stone Golem
m11	Sword of Vengeance
m11	Temple Bell
m11	Triskelion
m11	Voltaic Key
m11	Mighty Leap
m11	Warlord's Axe
m11	Whispersilk Cloak
m11	Wurm's Tooth
m11	Dragonskull Summit
m11	Drowned Catacomb
m11	Glacial Fortress
m11	Mystifying Maze
m11	Rootbound Crag
m11	Sunpetal Grove
m11	Terramorphic Expanse
m11	Pacifism
m11	Plains
m11	Plains
m11	Plains
m11	Plains
m11	Island
m11	Island
m11	Island
m11	Island
m11	Swamp
m11	Swamp
m11	Palace Guard
m11	Swamp
m11	Swamp
m11	Mountain
m11	Mountain
m11	Mountain
m11	Mountain
m11	Forest
m11	Forest
m11	Forest
m11	Forest
m11	Roc Egg
m11	Safe Passage
m11	Serra Angel
m11	Serra Ascendant
m11	Siege Mastodon
m11	Ajani's Pridemate
m11	Silence
m11	Silvercoat Lion
m11	Solemn Offering
m11	Squadron Hawk
m11	Stormfront Pegasus
m11	Sun Titan
m11	Tireless Missionaries
m11	Vengeful Archon
m11	War Priest of Thune
m11	White Knight
m11	Angelic Arbiter
m11	Wild Griffin
m11	Aether Adept
m11	Air Servant
m11	Alluring Siren
m11	Armored Cancrix
m11	Augury Owl
m11	Azure Drake
m11	Call to Mind
m11	Cancel
m11	Clone
m11	Armored Ascension
m11	Cloud Elemental
m11	Conundrum Sphinx
m11	Diminish
m11	Flashfreeze
m11	Foresee
m11	Frost Titan
m11	Harbor Serpent
m11	Ice Cage
m11	Jace Beleren
m11	Jace's Erasure
m11	Assault Griffin
m11	Jace's Ingenuity
m11	Leyline of Anticipation
m11	Mana Leak
m11	Maritime Guard
m11	Mass Polymorph
m11	Merfolk Sovereign
m11	Merfolk Spy
m11	Mind Control
m11	Negate
m11	Phantom Beast
m11	Baneslayer Angel
m11	Preordain
m11	Redirect
m11	Scroll Thief
m11	Sleep
m11	Stormtide Leviathan
m11	Time Reversal
m11	Tome Scour
m11	Traumatize
m11	Unsummon
m11	Wall of Frost
m11	Blinding Mage
m11	Water Servant
m11	Assassinate
m11	Barony Vampire
m11	Black Knight
m11	Blood Tithe
m11	Bloodthrone Vampire
m11	Bog Raiders
m11	Captivating Vampire
m11	Child of Night
m11	Corrupt
m11	Celestial Purge
m11	Dark Tutelage
m11	Deathmark
m11	Demon of Death's Gate
m11	Diabolic Tutor
m11	Disentomb
m11	Doom Blade
m11	Duress
m11	Grave Titan
m11	Gravedigger
m11	Haunting Echoes
m12	Aegis Angel
m12	Benalish Veteran
m12	Hideous Visage
m12	Mind Rot
m12	Monomania
m12	Onyx Mage
m12	Reassembling Skeleton
m12	Royal Assassin
m12	Rune-Scarred Demon
m12	Sengir Vampire
m12	Smallpox
m12	Sorin Markov
m12	Celestial Purge
m12	Sorin's Thirst
m12	Sorin's Vengeance
m12	Sutured Ghoul
m12	Taste of Blood
m12	Tormented Soul
m12	Vampire Outcasts
m12	Vengeful Pharaoh
m12	Warpath Ghoul
m12	Wring Flesh
m12	Zombie Goliath
m12	Day of Judgment
m12	Zombie Infestation
m12	Act of Treason
m12	Blood Ogre
m12	Bonebreaker Giant
m12	Chandra, the Firebrand
m12	Chandra's Outrage
m12	Chandra's Phoenix
m12	Circle of Flame
m12	Combust
m12	Crimson Mage
m12	Demystify
m12	Fiery Hellhound
m12	Fireball
m12	Firebreathing
m12	Flameblast Dragon
m12	Fling
m12	Furyborn Hellkite
m12	Goblin Arsonist
m12	Goblin Bangchuckers
m12	Goblin Chieftain
m12	Goblin Fireslinger
m12	Divine Favor
m12	Goblin Grenade
m12	Goblin Piker
m12	Goblin Tunneler
m12	Goblin War Paint
m12	Gorehorn Minotaurs
m12	Grim Lavamancer
m12	Incinerate
m12	Inferno Titan
m12	Lava Axe
m12	Lightning Elemental
m12	Elite Vanguard
m12	Manabarbs
m12	Manic Vandal
m12	Reverberate
m12	Scrambleverse
m12	Shock
m12	Slaughter Cry
m12	Stormblood Berserker
m12	Tectonic Rift
m12	Volcanic Dragon
m12	Wall of Torches
m12	Gideon Jura
m12	Warstorm Surge
m12	Acidic Slime
m12	Arachnus Spinner
m12	Arachnus Web
m12	Autumn's Veil
m12	Birds of Paradise
m12	Bountiful Harvest
m12	Brindle Boar
m12	Carnage Wurm
m12	Cudgel Troll
m12	Gideon's Avenger
m12	Doubling Chant
m12	Dungrove Elder
m12	Elvish Archdruid
m12	Fog
m12	Garruk, Primal Hunter
m12	Garruk's Companion
m12	Garruk's Horde
m12	Giant Spider
m12	Gladecover Scout
m12	Greater Basilisk
m12	Gideon's Lawkeeper
m12	Hunter's Insight
m12	Jade Mage
m12	Llanowar Elves
m12	Lure
m12	Lurking Crocodile
m12	Naturalize
m12	Overrun
m12	Plummet
m12	Primeval Titan
m12	Primordial Hydra
m12	Grand Abolisher
m12	Rampant Growth
m12	Reclaim
m12	Rites of Flourishing
m12	Runeclaw Bear
m12	Sacred Wolf
m12	Skinshifter
m12	Stampeding Rhino
m12	Stingerfling Spider
m12	Titanic Growth
m12	Trollhide
m12	Alabaster Mage
m12	Griffin Rider
m12	Vastwood Gorger
m12	Adaptive Automaton
m12	Angel's Feather
m12	Crown of Empires
m12	Crumbling Colossus
m12	Demon's Horn
m12	Dragon's Claw
m12	Druidic Satchel
m12	Elixir of Immortality
m12	Greatsword
m12	Griffin Sentinel
m12	Kite Shield
m12	Kraken's Eye
m12	Manalith
m12	Pentavus
m12	Quicksilver Amulet
m12	Rusted Sentinel
m12	Scepter of Empires
m12	Solemn Simulacrum
m12	Sundial of the Infinite
m12	Swiftfoot Boots
m12	Guardians' Pledge
m12	Thran Golem
m12	Throne of Empires
m12	Worldslayer
m12	Wurm's Tooth
m12	Buried Ruin
m12	Dragonskull Summit
m12	Drowned Catacomb
m12	Glacial Fortress
m12	Rootbound Crag
m12	Sunpetal Grove
m12	Honor of the Pure
m12	Plains
m12	Plains
m12	Plains
m12	Plains
m12	Island
m12	Island
m12	Island
m12	Island
m12	Swamp
m12	Swamp
m12	Lifelink
m12	Swamp
m12	Swamp
m12	Mountain
m12	Mountain
m12	Mountain
m12	Mountain
m12	Forest
m12	Forest
m12	Forest
m12	Forest
m12	Mesa Enchantress
m12	Mighty Leap
m12	Oblivion Ring
m12	Pacifism
m12	Peregrine Griffin
m12	Angelic Destiny
m12	Personal Sanctuary
m12	Pride Guardian
m12	Roc Egg
m12	Serra Angel
m12	Siege Mastodon
m12	Spirit Mantle
m12	Stave Off
m12	Stonehorn Dignitary
m12	Stormfront Pegasus
m12	Sun Titan
m12	Angel's Mercy
m12	Timely Reinforcements
m12	Aether Adept
m12	Alluring Siren
m12	Amphin Cutthroat
m12	Aven Fleetwing
m12	Azure Mage
m12	Belltower Sphinx
m12	Cancel
m12	Chasm Drake
m12	Coral Merfolk
m12	Arbalest Elite
m12	Divination
m12	Djinn of Wishes
m12	Flashfreeze
m12	Flight
m12	Frost Breath
m12	Frost Titan
m12	Harbor Serpent
m12	Ice Cage
m12	Jace, Memory Adept
m12	Jace's Archivist
m12	Archon of Justice
m12	Jace's Erasure
m12	Levitation
m12	Lord of the Unreal
m12	Mana Leak
m12	Master Thief
m12	Merfolk Looter
m12	Merfolk Mesmerist
m12	Mind Control
m12	Mind Unbound
m12	Negate
m12	Armored Warhorse
m12	Phantasmal Bear
m12	Phantasmal Dragon
m12	Phantasmal Image
m12	Ponder
m12	Redirect
m12	Skywinder Drake
m12	Sphinx of Uthuun
m12	Time Reversal
m12	Turn to Frog
m12	Unsummon
m12	Assault Griffin
m12	Visions of Beyond
m12	Blood Seeker
m12	Bloodlord of Vaasgoth
m12	Bloodrage Vampire
m12	Brink of Disaster
m12	Call to the Grave
m12	Cemetery Reaper
m12	Child of Night
m12	Consume Spirit
m12	Dark Favor
m12	Auramancer
m12	Deathmark
m12	Devouring Swarm
m12	Diabolic Tutor
m12	Disentomb
m12	Distress
m12	Doom Blade
m12	Drifting Shade
m12	Duskhunter Bat
m12	Grave Titan
m12	Gravedigger
m13	Ajani, Caller of the Pride
m13	Crusader of Odric
m13	Mind Rot
m13	Murder
m13	Mutilate
m13	Nefarox, Overlord of Grixis
m13	Phylactery Lich
m13	Public Execution
m13	Ravenous Rats
m13	Rise from the Grave
m13	Servant of Nefarox
m13	Shimian Specter
m13	Divine Favor
m13	Sign in Blood
m13	Tormented Soul
m13	Vampire Nighthawk
m13	Vampire Nocturnus
m13	Veilborn Ghoul
m13	Vile Rebirth
m13	Walking Corpse
m13	Wit's End
m13	Xathrid Gorgon
m13	Zombie Goliath
m13	Divine Verdict
m13	Arms Dealer
m13	Bladetusk Boar
m13	Canyon Minotaur
m13	Chandra, the Firebrand
m13	Chandra's Fury
m13	Cleaver Riot
m13	Craterize
m13	Crimson Muckwader
m13	Dragon Hatchling
m13	Fervor
m13	Erase
m13	Fire Elemental
m13	Firewing Phoenix
m13	Flames of the Firebrand
m13	Furnace Whelp
m13	Goblin Arsonist
m13	Goblin Battle Jester
m13	Hamletback Goliath
m13	Kindled Fury
m13	Krenko, Mob Boss
m13	Krenko's Command
m13	Faith's Reward
m13	Magmaquake
m13	Mark of Mutiny
m13	Mindclaw Shaman
m13	Mogg Flunkies
m13	Reckless Brute
m13	Reverberate
m13	Rummaging Goblin
m13	Searing Spear
m13	Slumbering Dragon
m13	Smelt
m13	Glorious Charge
m13	Thundermaw Hellkite
m13	Torch Fiend
m13	Trumpet Blast
m13	Turn to Slag
m13	Volcanic Geyser
m13	Volcanic Strength
m13	Wall of Fire
m13	Wild Guess
m13	Worldfire
m13	Acidic Slime
m13	Griffin Protector
m13	Arbor Elf
m13	Bond Beetle
m13	Boundless Realms
m13	Bountiful Harvest
m13	Centaur Courser
m13	Deadly Recluse
m13	Duskdale Wurm
m13	Elderscale Wurm
m13	Elvish Archdruid
m13	Elvish Visionary
m13	Guardian Lions
m13	Farseek
m13	Flinthoof Boar
m13	Fog
m13	Fungal Sprouting
m13	Garruk, Primal Hunter
m13	Garruk's Packleader
m13	Ground Seal
m13	Mwonvuli Beast Tracker
m13	Naturalize
m13	Plummet
m13	Guardians of Akrasa
m13	Predatory Rampage
m13	Prey Upon
m13	Primal Huntbeast
m13	Primordial Hydra
m13	Quirion Dryad
m13	Rancor
m13	Ranger's Path
m13	Revive
m13	Roaring Primadox
m13	Sentinel Spider
m13	Healer of the Pride
m13	Serpent's Gift
m13	Silklash Spider
m13	Spiked Baloth
m13	Thragtusk
m13	Timberpack Wolf
m13	Titanic Growth
m13	Vastwood Gorger
m13	Yeva, Nature's Herald
m13	Yeva's Forcemage
m13	Nicol Bolas, Planeswalker
m13	Ajani's Sunstriker
m13	Intrepid Hero
m13	Akroma's Memorial
m13	Chronomaton
m13	Clock of Omens
m13	Door to Nothingness
m13	Elixir of Immortality
m13	Gem of Becoming
m13	Gilded Lotus
m13	Jayemdae Tome
m13	Kitesail
m13	Phyrexian Hulk
m13	Knight of Glory
m13	Primal Clay
m13	Ring of Evos Isle
m13	Ring of Kalonia
m13	Ring of Thune
m13	Ring of Valkas
m13	Ring of Xathrid
m13	Sands of Delirium
m13	Staff of Nin
m13	Stuffy Doll
m13	Tormod's Crypt
m13	Oblivion Ring
m13	Trading Post
m13	Cathedral of War
m13	Dragonskull Summit
m13	Drowned Catacomb
m13	Evolving Wilds
m13	Glacial Fortress
m13	Hellion Crucible
m13	Reliquary Tower
m13	Rootbound Crag
m13	Sunpetal Grove
m13	Odric, Master Tactician
m13	Plains
m13	Plains
m13	Plains
m13	Plains
m13	Island
m13	Island
m13	Island
m13	Island
m13	Swamp
m13	Swamp
m13	Pacifism
m13	Swamp
m13	Swamp
m13	Mountain
m13	Mountain
m13	Mountain
m13	Mountain
m13	Forest
m13	Forest
m13	Forest
m13	Forest
m13	Pillarfield Ox
m13	Planar Cleansing
m13	Prized Elephant
m13	Rain of Blades
m13	Rhox Faithmender
m13	Angel's Mercy
m13	Safe Passage
m13	Serra Angel
m13	Serra Avatar
m13	Serra Avenger
m13	Show of Valor
m13	Silvercoat Lion
m13	Sublime Archangel
m13	Touch of the Eternal
m13	War Falcon
m13	War Priest of Thune
m13	Angelic Benediction
m13	Warclamp Mastiff
m13	Archaeomancer
m13	Arctic Aven
m13	Augur of Bolas
m13	Battle of Wits
m13	Clone
m13	Courtly Provocateur
m13	Divination
m13	Downpour
m13	Encrust
m13	Attended Knight
m13	Essence Scatter
m13	Faerie Invaders
m13	Fog Bank
m13	Harbor Serpent
m13	Hydrosurge
m13	Index
m13	Jace, Memory Adept
m13	Jace's Phantasm
m13	Kraken Hatchling
m13	Master of the Pearl Trident
m13	Aven Squire
m13	Merfolk of the Pearl Trident
m13	Mind Sculpt
m13	Negate
m13	Omniscience
m13	Redirect
m13	Rewind
m13	Scroll Thief
m13	Sleep
m13	Spelltwine
m13	Sphinx of Uthuun
m13	Battleflight Eagle
m13	Stormtide Leviathan
m13	Switcheroo
m13	Talrand, Sky Summoner
m13	Talrand's Invocation
m13	Tricks of the Trade
m13	Unsummon
m13	Vedalken Entrancer
m13	Void Stalker
m13	Watercourser
m13	Welkin Tern
m13	Captain of the Watch
m13	Wind Drake
m13	Blood Reckoning
m13	Bloodhunter Bat
m13	Bloodthrone Vampire
m13	Cower in Fear
m13	Crippling Blight
m13	Dark Favor
m13	Diabolic Revelation
m13	Disciple of Bolas
m13	Disentomb
m13	Captain's Call
m13	Duress
m13	Duskmantle Prowler
m13	Duty-Bound Dead
m13	Essence Drain
m13	Giant Scorpion
m13	Harbor Bandit
m13	Knight of Infamy
m13	Liliana of the Dark Realms
m13	Liliana's Shade
m13	Mark of the Vampire
m14	Ajani, Caller of the Pride
m14	Ajani's Chosen
m14	Angelic Accord
m14	Angelic Wall
m14	Archangel of Thune
m14	Auramancer
m14	Banisher Priest
m14	Blessing
m14	Bonescythe Sliver
m14	Brave the Elements
m14	Capashen Knight
m14	Celestial Flare
m14	Charging Griffin
m14	Congregate
m14	Dawnstrike Paladin
m14	Devout Invocation
m14	Divine Favor
m14	Fiendslayer Paladin
m14	Fortify
m14	Griffin Sentinel
m14	Hive Stirrings
m14	Imposing Sovereign
m14	Indestructibility
m14	Master of Diversion
m14	Pacifism
m14	Path of Bravery
m14	Pay No Heed
m14	Pillarfield Ox
m14	Planar Cleansing
m14	Sentinel Sliver
m14	Seraph of the Sword
m14	Serra Angel
m14	Show of Valor
m14	Siege Mastodon
m14	Silence
m14	Solemn Offering
m14	Soulmender
m14	Steelform Sliver
m14	Stonehorn Chanter
m14	Suntail Hawk
m14	Wall of Swords
m14	Air Servant
m14	Archaeomancer
m14	Armored Cancrix
m14	Cancel
m14	Claustrophobia
m14	Clone
m14	Colossal Whale
m14	Coral Merfolk
m14	Dismiss into Dream
m14	Disperse
m14	Divination
m14	Domestication
m14	Elite Arcanist
m14	Essence Scatter
m14	Frost Breath
m14	Galerider Sliver
m14	Glimpse the Future
m14	Illusionary Armor
m14	Jace, Memory Adept
m14	Jace's Mindseeker
m14	Merfolk Spy
m14	Messenger Drake
m14	Negate
m14	Nephalia Seakite
m14	Opportunity
m14	Phantom Warrior
m14	Quicken
m14	Scroll Thief
m14	Seacoast Drake
m14	Sensory Deprivation
m14	Spell Blast
m14	Tidebinder Mage
m14	Time Ebb
m14	Tome Scour
m14	Trained Condor
m14	Traumatize
m14	Wall of Frost
m14	Warden of Evos Isle
m14	Water Servant
m14	Windreader Sphinx
m14	Zephyr Charge
m14	Accursed Spirit
m14	Altar's Reap
m14	Artificer's Hex
m14	Blightcaster
m14	Blood Bairn
m14	Bogbrew Witch
m14	Child of Night
m14	Corpse Hauler
m14	Corrupt
m14	Dark Favor
m14	Dark Prophecy
m14	Deathgaze Cockatrice
m14	Diabolic Tutor
m14	Doom Blade
m14	Duress
m14	Festering Newt
m14	Gnawing Zombie
m14	Grim Return
m14	Lifebane Zombie
m14	Liliana of the Dark Realms
m14	Liliana's Reaver
m14	Liturgy of Blood
m14	Mark of the Vampire
m14	Mind Rot
m14	Minotaur Abomination
m14	Nightmare
m14	Nightwing Shade
m14	Quag Sickness
m14	Rise of the Dark Realms
m14	Sanguine Bond
m14	Sengir Vampire
m14	Shadowborn Apostle
m14	Shadowborn Demon
m14	Shrivel
m14	Syphon Sliver
m14	Tenacious Dead
m14	Undead Minotaur
m14	Vampire Warlord
m14	Vile Rebirth
m14	Wring Flesh
m14	Xathrid Necromancer
m14	Academy Raider
m14	Act of Treason
m14	Awaken the Ancient
m14	Barrage of Expendables
m14	Battle Sliver
m14	Blur Sliver
m14	Burning Earth
m14	Canyon Minotaur
m14	Chandra, Pyromaster
m14	Chandra's Outrage
m14	Chandra's Phoenix
m14	Cyclops Tyrant
m14	Demolish
m14	Dragon Egg
m14	Dragon Hatchling
m14	Flames of the Firebrand
m14	Fleshpulper Giant
m14	Goblin Diplomats
m14	Goblin Shortcutter
m14	Lava Axe
m14	Lightning Talons
m14	Marauding Maulhorn
m14	Mindsparker
m14	Molten Birth
m14	Ogre Battledriver
m14	Pitchburn Devils
m14	Regathan Firecat
m14	Scourge of Valkas
m14	Seismic Stomp
m14	Shiv's Embrace
m14	Shivan Dragon
m14	Shock
m14	Smelt
m14	Striking Sliver
m14	Thorncaster Sliver
m14	Thunder Strike
m14	Volcanic Geyser
m14	Wild Guess
m14	Wild Ricochet
m14	Young Pyromancer
m14	Advocate of the Beast
m14	Bramblecrush
m14	Briarpack Alpha
m14	Brindle Boar
m14	Deadly Recluse
m14	Elvish Mystic
m14	Enlarge
m14	Fog
m14	Garruk, Caller of Beasts
m14	Garruk's Horde
m14	Giant Growth
m14	Giant Spider
m14	Gladecover Scout
m14	Groundshaker Sliver
m14	Howl of the Night Pack
m14	Hunt the Weak
m14	Into the Wilds
m14	Kalonian Hydra
m14	Kalonian Tusker
m14	Lay of the Land
m14	Manaweft Sliver
m14	Megantic Sliver
m14	Naturalize
m14	Oath of the Ancient Wood
m14	Plummet
m14	Predatory Sliver
m14	Primeval Bounty
m14	Ranger's Guile
m14	Rootwalla
m14	Rumbling Baloth
m14	Savage Summoning
m14	Scavenging Ooze
m14	Sporemound
m14	Trollhide
m14	Vastwood Hydra
m14	Verdant Haven
m14	Voracious Wurm
m14	Windstorm
m14	Witchstalker
m14	Woodborn Behemoth
m14	Accorder's Shield
m14	Bubbling Cauldron
m14	Darksteel Forge
m14	Darksteel Ingot
m14	Door of Destinies
m14	Elixir of Immortality
m14	Fireshrieker
m14	Guardian of the Ages
m14	Haunted Plate Mail
m14	Millstone
m14	Pyromancer's Gauntlet
m14	Ratchet Bomb
m14	Ring of Three Wishes
m14	Rod of Ruin
m14	Sliver Construct
m14	Staff of the Death Magus
m14	Staff of the Flame Magus
m14	Staff of the Mind Magus
m14	Staff of the Sun Magus
m14	Staff of the Wild Magus
m14	Strionic Resonator
m14	Trading Post
m14	Vial of Poison
m14	Encroaching Wastes
m14	Mutavault
m14	Shimmering Grotto
m14	Plains
m14	Plains
m14	Plains
m14	Plains
m14	Island
m14	Island
m14	Island
m14	Island
m14	Swamp
m14	Swamp
m14	Swamp
m14	Swamp
m14	Mountain
m14	Mountain
m14	Mountain
m14	Mountain
m14	Forest
m14	Forest
m14	Forest
m14	Forest
m15	Ajani Steadfast
m15	Ajani's Pridemate
m15	Avacyn, Guardian Angel
m15	Battle Mastery
m15	Boonweaver Giant
m15	Congregate
m15	Constricting Sliver
m15	Dauntless River Marshal
m15	Devouring Light
m15	Divine Favor
m15	Ephemeral Shields
m15	First Response
m15	Geist of the Moors
m15	Heliod's Pilgrim
m15	Hushwing Gryff
m15	Kinsbaile Skirmisher
m15	Marked by Honor
m15	Mass Calcify
m15	Meditation Puzzle
m15	Midnight Guard
m15	Oppressive Rays
m15	Oreskos Swiftclaw
m15	Paragon of New Dawns
m15	Pillar of Light
m15	Preeminent Captain
m15	Raise the Alarm
m15	Razorfoot Griffin
m15	Resolute Archangel
m15	Return to the Ranks
m15	Sanctified Charge
m15	Selfless Cathar
m15	Seraph of the Masses
m15	Solemn Offering
m15	Soul of Theros
m15	Soulmender
m15	Spectra Ward
m15	Spirit Bonds
m15	Sungrace Pegasus
m15	Tireless Missionaries
m15	Triplicate Spirits
m15	Wall of Essence
m15	Warden of the Beyond
m15	Aegis Angel
m15	Divine Verdict
m15	Inspired Charge
m15	Serra Angel
m15	Aeronaut Tinkerer
m15	Aetherspouts
m15	Amphin Pathmage
m15	Chasm Skulker
m15	Chief Engineer
m15	Chronostutter
m15	Coral Barrier
m15	Diffusion Sliver
m15	Dissipate
m15	Divination
m15	Encrust
m15	Ensoul Artifact
m15	Frost Lynx
m15	Fugitive Wizard
m15	Glacial Crasher
m15	Hydrosurge
m15	Illusory Angel
m15	Into the Void
m15	Invisibility
m15	Jace, the Living Guildpact
m15	Jace's Ingenuity
m15	Jalira, Master Polymorphist
m15	Jorubai Murk Lurker
m15	Kapsho Kitefins
m15	Master of Predicaments
m15	Mercurial Pretender
m15	Military Intelligence
m15	Mind Sculpt
m15	Negate
m15	Nimbus of the Isles
m15	Paragon of Gathering Mists
m15	Peel from Reality
m15	Polymorphist's Jest
m15	Quickling
m15	Research Assistant
m15	Soul of Ravnica
m15	Statute of Denial
m15	Stormtide Leviathan
m15	Turn to Frog
m15	Void Snare
m15	Wall of Frost
m15	Welkin Tern
m15	Cancel
m15	Mahamoti Djinn
m15	Accursed Spirit
m15	Black Cat
m15	Blood Host
m15	Carrion Crow
m15	Caustic Tar
m15	Child of Night
m15	Covenant of Blood
m15	Crippling Blight
m15	Cruel Sadist
m15	Endless Obedience
m15	Eternal Thirst
m15	Feast on the Fallen
m15	Festergloom
m15	Flesh to Dust
m15	Gravedigger
m15	In Garruk's Wake
m15	Indulgent Tormentor
m15	Leeching Sliver
m15	Liliana Vess
m15	Mind Rot
m15	Necrobite
m15	Necrogen Scudder
m15	Necromancer's Assistant
m15	Necromancer's Stockpile
m15	Nightfire Giant
m15	Ob Nixilis, Unshackled
m15	Paragon of Open Graves
m15	Rotfeaster Maggot
m15	Shadowcloak Vampire
m15	Sign in Blood
m15	Soul of Innistrad
m15	Stab Wound
m15	Stain the Mind
m15	Typhoid Rats
m15	Ulcerate
m15	Unmake the Graves
m15	Wall of Limbs
m15	Waste Not
m15	Witch's Familiar
m15	Xathrid Slyblade
m15	Zof Shade
m15	Nightmare
m15	Sengir Vampire
m15	Walking Corpse
m15	Act on Impulse
m15	Aggressive Mining
m15	Altac Bloodseeker
m15	Belligerent Sliver
m15	Blastfire Bolt
m15	Borderland Marauder
m15	Brood Keeper
m15	Burning Anger
m15	Chandra, Pyromaster
m15	Circle of Flame
m15	Clear a Path
m15	Cone of Flame
m15	Crowd's Favor
m15	Crucible of Fire
m15	Forge Devil
m15	Foundry Street Denizen
m15	Frenzied Goblin
m15	Generator Servant
m15	Goblin Kaboomist
m15	Goblin Rabblemaster
m15	Goblin Roughrider
m15	Hammerhand
m15	Heat Ray
m15	Hoarding Dragon
m15	Inferno Fist
m15	Kird Chieftain
m15	Krenko's Enforcer
m15	Kurkesh, Onakke Ancient
m15	Lava Axe
m15	Lightning Strike
m15	Might Makes Right
m15	Miner's Bane
m15	Paragon of Fierce Defiance
m15	Rummaging Goblin
m15	Scrapyard Mongrel
m15	Shrapnel Blast
m15	Siege Dragon
m15	Soul of Shandalar
m15	Stoke the Flames
m15	Thundering Giant
m15	Torch Fiend
m15	Wall of Fire
m15	Furnace Whelp
m15	Seismic Strike
m15	Shivan Dragon
m15	Ancient Silverback
m15	Back to Nature
m15	Carnivorous Moss-Beast
m15	Charging Rhino
m15	Chord of Calling
m15	Elvish Mystic
m15	Feral Incarnation
m15	Gather Courage
m15	Genesis Hydra
m15	Hornet Nest
m15	Hornet Queen
m15	Hunt the Weak
m15	Hunter's Ambush
m15	Invasive Species
m15	Kalonian Twingrove
m15	Life's Legacy
m15	Living Totem
m15	Naturalize
m15	Netcaster Spider
m15	Nissa, Worldwaker
m15	Nissa's Expedition
m15	Overwhelm
m15	Paragon of Eternal Wilds
m15	Phytotitan
m15	Plummet
m15	Ranger's Guile
m15	Reclamation Sage
m15	Restock
m15	Roaring Primadox
m15	Runeclaw Bear
m15	Satyr Wayfinder
m15	Shaman of Spring
m15	Siege Wurm
m15	Soul of Zendikar
m15	Sunblade Elf
m15	Titanic Growth
m15	Undergrowth Scavenger
m15	Venom Sliver
m15	Verdant Haven
m15	Vineweft
m15	Wall of Mulch
m15	Yisan, the Wanderer Bard
m15	Centaur Courser
m15	Garruk's Packleader
m15	Terra Stomper
m15	Garruk, Apex Predator
m15	Sliver Hivelord
m15	Darksteel Citadel
m15	Battlefield Forge
m15	Caves of Koilos
m15	Evolving Wilds
m15	Llanowar Wastes
m15	Radiant Fountain
m15	Shivan Reef
m15	Sliver Hive
m15	Urborg, Tomb of Yawgmoth
m15	Yavimaya Coast
m15	Plains
m15	Plains
m15	Plains
m15	Plains
m15	Island
m15	Island
m15	Island
m15	Island
m15	Swamp
m15	Swamp
m15	Swamp
m15	Swamp
m15	Mountain
m15	Mountain
m15	Mountain
m15	Mountain
m15	Forest
m15	Forest
m15	Forest
m15	Forest
m15	Avarice Amulet
m15	Brawler's Plate
m15	Bronze Sable
m15	The Chain Veil
m15	Gargoyle Sentinel
m15	Grindclock
m15	Haunted Plate Mail
m15	Hot Soup
m15	Juggernaut
m15	Meteorite
m15	Obelisk of Urd
m15	Ornithopter
m15	Perilous Vault
m15	Phyrexian Revoker
m15	Profane Memento
m15	Rogue's Gloves
m15	Sacred Armory
m15	Scuttling Doom Engine
m15	Shield of the Avatar
m15	Soul of New Phyrexia
m15	Staff of the Death Magus
m15	Staff of the Flame Magus
m15	Staff of the Mind Magus
m15	Staff of the Sun Magus
m15	Staff of the Wild Magus
m15	Tormod's Crypt
m15	Tyrant's Machine
m15	Will-Forged Golem
ori	Akroan Jailer
ori	Ampryn Tactician
ori	Anointer of Champions
ori	Archangel of Tithes
ori	Auramancer
ori	Aven Battle Priest
ori	Blessed Spirits
ori	Celestial Flare
ori	Charging Griffin
ori	Cleric of the Forward Order
ori	Consul's Lieutenant
ori	Enlightened Ascetic
ori	Enshrouding Mist
ori	Gideon's Phalanx
ori	Grasp of the Hieromancer
ori	Hallowed Moonlight
ori	Healing Hands
ori	Heavy Infantry
ori	Hixus, Prison Warden
ori	Knight of the Pilgrim's Road
ori	Knight of the White Orchid
ori	Knightly Valor
ori	Gideon, Battle-Forged
ori	Kytheon, Hero of Akros
ori	Kytheon's Irregulars
ori	Kytheon's Tactics
ori	Mighty Leap
ori	Murder Investigation
ori	Patron of the Valiant
ori	Relic Seeker
ori	Sentinel of the Eternal Watch
ori	Sigil of the Empty Throne
ori	Stalwart Aven
ori	Starfield of Nyx
ori	Suppression Bonds
ori	Swift Reckoning
ori	Topan Freeblade
ori	Totem-Guide Hartebeest
ori	Tragic Arrogance
ori	Valor in Akros
ori	Vryn Wingmare
ori	War Oracle
ori	Yoked Ox
ori	Alhammarret, High Arbiter
ori	Anchor to the Aether
ori	Artificer's Epiphany
ori	Aspiring Aeronaut
ori	Bone to Ash
ori	Calculated Dismissal
ori	Clash of Wills
ori	Claustrophobia
ori	Day's Undoing
ori	Deep-Sea Terror
ori	Disciple of the Ring
ori	Disperse
ori	Displacement Wave
ori	Dreadwaters
ori	Faerie Miscreant
ori	Harbinger of the Tides
ori	Hydrolash
ori	Jace, Telepath Unbound
ori	Jace, Vryn's Prodigy
ori	Jace's Sanctum
ori	Jhessian Thief
ori	Maritime Guard
ori	Mizzium Meddler
ori	Negate
ori	Nivix Barrier
ori	Psychic Rebuttal
ori	Ringwarden Owl
ori	Scrapskin Drake
ori	Screeching Skaab
ori	Send to Sleep
ori	Separatist Voidmage
ori	Sigiled Starfish
ori	Skaab Goliath
ori	Soulblade Djinn
ori	Sphinx's Tutelage
ori	Stratus Walk
ori	Talent of the Telepath
ori	Thopter Spy Network
ori	Tower Geist
ori	Turn to Frog
ori	Watercourser
ori	Whirler Rogue
ori	Willbreaker
ori	Blightcaster
ori	Catacomb Slug
ori	Consecrated by Blood
ori	Cruel Revival
ori	Dark Dabbling
ori	Dark Petition
ori	Deadbridge Shaman
ori	Demonic Pact
ori	Despoiler of Souls
ori	Erebos's Titan
ori	Eyeblight Assassin
ori	Eyeblight Massacre
ori	Fetid Imp
ori	Fleshbag Marauder
ori	Gilt-Leaf Winnower
ori	Gnarlroot Trapper
ori	Graveblade Marauder
ori	Infernal Scarring
ori	Infinite Obliteration
ori	Kothophed, Soul Hoarder
ori	Languish
ori	Liliana, Defiant Necromancer
ori	Liliana, Heretical Healer
ori	Macabre Waltz
ori	Malakir Cullblade
ori	Nantuko Husk
ori	Necromantic Summons
ori	Nightsnare
ori	Priest of the Blood Rite
ori	Rabid Bloodsucker
ori	Read the Bones
ori	Reave Soul
ori	Returned Centaur
ori	Revenant
ori	Shadows of the Past
ori	Shambling Ghoul
ori	Tainted Remedy
ori	Thornbow Archer
ori	Tormented Thoughts
ori	Touch of Moonglove
ori	Undead Servant
ori	Unholy Hunger
ori	Weight of the Underworld
ori	Abbot of Keral Keep
ori	Acolyte of the Inferno
ori	Act of Treason
ori	Akroan Sergeant
ori	Avaricious Dragon
ori	Bellows Lizard
ori	Boggart Brute
ori	Call of the Full Moon
ori	Chandra, Fire of Kaladesh
ori	Chandra, Roaring Flame
ori	Chandra's Fury
ori	Chandra's Ignition
ori	Cobblebrute
ori	Demolish
ori	Dragon Fodder
ori	Embermaw Hellion
ori	Enthralling Victor
ori	Exquisite Firecraft
ori	Fiery Conclusion
ori	Fiery Impulse
ori	Firefiend Elemental
ori	Flameshadow Conjuring
ori	Ghirapur Aether Grid
ori	Ghirapur Gearcrafter
ori	Goblin Glory Chaser
ori	Goblin Piledriver
ori	Infectious Bloodlust
ori	Lightning Javelin
ori	Mage-Ring Bully
ori	Magmatic Insight
ori	Molten Vortex
ori	Pia and Kiran Nalaar
ori	Prickleboar
ori	Ravaging Blaze
ori	Scab-Clan Berserker
ori	Seismic Elemental
ori	Skyraker Giant
ori	Smash to Smithereens
ori	Subterranean Scout
ori	Thopter Engineer
ori	Titan's Strength
ori	Volcanic Rambler
ori	Fiery Hellhound
ori	Shivan Dragon
ori	Aerial Volley
ori	Animist's Awakening
ori	Caustic Caterpillar
ori	Conclave Naturalists
ori	Dwynen, Gilt-Leaf Daen
ori	Dwynen's Elite
ori	Elemental Bond
ori	Elvish Visionary
ori	Evolutionary Leap
ori	Gaea's Revenge
ori	Gather the Pack
ori	The Great Aurora
ori	Herald of the Pantheon
ori	Hitchclaw Recluse
ori	Honored Hierarch
ori	Joraga Invocation
ori	Leaf Gilder
ori	Llanowar Empath
ori	Managorger Hydra
ori	Mantle of Webs
ori	Might of the Masses
ori	Nissa, Sage Animist
ori	Nissa, Vastwood Seer
ori	Nissa's Pilgrimage
ori	Nissa's Revelation
ori	Orchard Spirit
ori	Outland Colossus
ori	Pharika's Disciple
ori	Reclaim
ori	Rhox Maulers
ori	Skysnare Spider
ori	Somberwald Alpha
ori	Sylvan Messenger
ori	Timberpack Wolf
ori	Titanic Growth
ori	Undercity Troll
ori	Valeron Wardens
ori	Vastwood Gorger
ori	Vine Snare
ori	Wild Instincts
ori	Woodland Bellower
ori	Yeva's Forcemage
ori	Zendikar's Roil
ori	Plummet
ori	Prized Unicorn
ori	Terra Stomper
ori	Blazing Hellhound
ori	Blood-Cursed Knight
ori	Bounding Krasis
ori	Citadel Castellan
ori	Iroas's Champion
ori	Possessed Skaab
ori	Reclusive Artificer
ori	Shaman of the Pack
ori	Thunderclap Wyvern
ori	Zendikar Incarnate
ori	Alchemist's Vial
ori	Alhammarret's Archive
ori	Angel's Tomb
ori	Bonded Construct
ori	Brawler's Plate
ori	Chief of the Foundry
ori	Gold-Forged Sentinel
ori	Guardian Automaton
ori	Guardians of Meletis
ori	Hangarback Walker
ori	Helm of the Gods
ori	Jayemdae Tome
ori	Mage-Ring Responder
ori	Meteorite
ori	Orbs of Warding
ori	Prism Ring
ori	Pyromancer's Goggles
ori	Ramroller
ori	Runed Servitor
ori	Sigil of Valor
ori	Sword of the Animist
ori	Throwing Knife
ori	Veteran's Sidearm
ori	War Horn
ori	Battlefield Forge
ori	Caves of Koilos
ori	Evolving Wilds
ori	Foundry of the Consuls
ori	Llanowar Wastes
ori	Mage-Ring Network
ori	Rogue's Passage
ori	Shivan Reef
ori	Yavimaya Coast
ori	Plains
ori	Plains
ori	Plains
ori	Plains
ori	Island
ori	Island
ori	Island
ori	Island
ori	Swamp
ori	Swamp
ori	Swamp
ori	Swamp
ori	Mountain
ori	Mountain
ori	Mountain
ori	Mountain
ori	Forest
ori	Forest
ori	Forest
ori	Forest
mprp	Wasteland
mprp	Voidmage Prodigy
mprp	Powder Keg
mprp	Psychatog
mprp	Terror
mprp	Fireball
mprp	Oxidize
mprp	Mana Leak
mprp	Reciprocate
mprp	Hypnotic Specter
mprp	Hinder
mprp	Pyroclasm
mprp	Giant Growth
mprp	Putrefy
mprp	Zombify
mprp	Lightning Helix
mprp	Wrath of God
mprp	Condemn
mprp	Mortify
mprp	Psionic Blast
mprp	Cruel Edict
mprp	Disenchant
mprp	Recollect
mprp	Damnation
mprp	Tidings
mprp	Incinerate
mprp	Mana Tithe
mprp	Harmonize
mprp	Ponder
mprp	Corrupt
mprp	Cryptic Command
mprp	Flame Javelin
mprp	Unmake
mprp	Nameless Inversion
mprp	Remove Soul
mprp	Blightning
mprp	Rampant Growth
mprp	Negate
mprp	Terminate
mprp	Lightning Bolt
mprp	Cancel
mprp	Sign in Blood
mprp	Infest
mprp	Volcanic Fallout
mprp	Celestial Purge
mprp	Bituminous Blast
mprp	Burst Lightning
mprp	Harrow
mprp	Day of Judgment
mprp	Brave the Elements
mprp	Doom Blade
mprp	Treasure Hunt
mprp	Searing Blaze
cmd	Artisan of Kozilek
cmd	Celestial Force
cmd	Shriekmaw
cmd	Sign in Blood
cmd	Stitch Together
cmd	Syphon Flesh
cmd	Syphon Mind
cmd	Unnerve
cmd	Vampire Nighthawk
cmd	Vow of Malice
cmd	Akroma, Angel of Fury
cmd	Anger
cmd	Congregate
cmd	Avatar of Fury
cmd	Avatar of Slaughter
cmd	Breath of Darigaaz
cmd	Chain Reaction
cmd	Chaos Warp
cmd	Chartooth Cougar
cmd	Cleansing Beam
cmd	Comet Storm
cmd	Death by Dragons
cmd	Disaster Radius
cmd	Crescendo of War
cmd	Dragon Whelp
cmd	Earthquake
cmd	Faultgrinder
cmd	Flametongue Kavu
cmd	Furnace Whelp
cmd	Goblin Cadets
cmd	Insurrection
cmd	Lash Out
cmd	Magmatic Force
cmd	Mana-Charged Dragon
cmd	False Prophet
cmd	Oni of Wild Places
cmd	Punishing Fire
cmd	Pyrohemia
cmd	Rapacious One
cmd	Ruination
cmd	Spitebellows
cmd	Stranglehold
cmd	Sulfurous Blast
cmd	Vow of Lightning
cmd	Wild Ricochet
cmd	Ghostly Prison
cmd	Acidic Slime
cmd	Aquastrand Spider
cmd	Awakening Zone
cmd	Baloth Woodcrasher
cmd	Bestial Menace
cmd	Brawn
cmd	Cobra Trap
cmd	Collective Voyage
cmd	Cultivate
cmd	Deadly Recluse
cmd	Hour of Reckoning
cmd	Deadwood Treefolk
cmd	Elvish Aberration
cmd	Eternal Witness
cmd	Explosive Vegetation
cmd	Fertilid
cmd	Fierce Empath
cmd	Fists of Ironwood
cmd	Garruk Wildspeaker
cmd	Harmonize
cmd	Hornet Queen
cmd	Jötun Grunt
cmd	Hunting Pack
cmd	Hydra Omnivore
cmd	Invigorate
cmd	Kodama's Reach
cmd	Krosan Tusker
cmd	Lhurgoyf
cmd	Magus of the Vineyard
cmd	Penumbra Spider
cmd	Relic Crush
cmd	Sakura-Tribe Elder
cmd	Journey to Nowhere
cmd	Scavenging Ooze
cmd	Spawnwrithe
cmd	Spike Feeder
cmd	Squallmonger
cmd	Symbiotic Wurm
cmd	Tribute to the Wild
cmd	Troll Ascetic
cmd	Veteran Explorer
cmd	Vow of Wildness
cmd	Yavimaya Elder
cmd	Lightkeeper of Emeria
cmd	Angel of Despair
cmd	Animar, Soul of Elements
cmd	Aura Shards
cmd	Azorius Guildmage
cmd	Basandra, Battle Seraph
cmd	Bladewing the Risen
cmd	Boros Guildmage
cmd	Brion Stoutarm
cmd	Call the Skybreaker
cmd	Chorus of the Conclave
cmd	Martyr's Bond
cmd	Colossal Might
cmd	Damia, Sage of Stone
cmd	Death Mutation
cmd	Desecrator Hag
cmd	Dominus of Fealty
cmd	Duergar Hedge-Mage
cmd	Edric, Spymaster of Trest
cmd	Electrolyze
cmd	Fire
cmd	Ice
cmd	Firespout
cmd	Afterlife
cmd	Monk Realist
cmd	Ghave, Guru of Spores
cmd	Golgari Guildmage
cmd	Gwyllion Hedge-Mage
cmd	Hull Breach
cmd	Intet, the Dreamer
cmd	Izzet Chronarch
cmd	Kaalia of the Vast
cmd	Karador, Ghost Chieftain
cmd	Malfegor
cmd	Master Warcraft
cmd	Mother of Runes
cmd	The Mimeoplasm
cmd	Mortify
cmd	Necrogenesis
cmd	Nin, the Pain Artist
cmd	Nucklavee
cmd	Numot, the Devastator
cmd	Oros, the Avenger
cmd	Orzhov Guildmage
cmd	Plumeveil
cmd	Prophetic Bolt
cmd	Oblation
cmd	Riku of Two Reflections
cmd	Ruhan of the Fomori
cmd	Savage Twister
cmd	Selesnya Evangel
cmd	Selesnya Guildmage
cmd	Sigil Captain
cmd	Simic Sky Swallower
cmd	Skullbriar, the Walking Grave
cmd	Szadek, Lord of Secrets
cmd	Tariel, Reckoner of Souls
cmd	Oblivion Ring
cmd	Teneb, the Harvester
cmd	Terminate
cmd	Valley Rannet
cmd	Vengeful Rebirth
cmd	Vish Kal, Blood Arbiter
cmd	Vorosh, the Hunter
cmd	Vulturous Zombie
cmd	Wall of Denial
cmd	Wrecking Ball
cmd	Wrexial, the Risen Deep
cmd	Orim's Thunder
cmd	Zedruu the Greathearted
cmd	Acorn Catapult
cmd	Armillary Sphere
cmd	Boros Signet
cmd	Champion's Helm
cmd	Darksteel Ingot
cmd	Dimir Signet
cmd	Dreamstone Hedron
cmd	Fellwar Stone
cmd	Golgari Signet
cmd	Path to Exile
cmd	Gruul Signet
cmd	Howling Mine
cmd	Izzet Signet
cmd	Lightning Greaves
cmd	Oblivion Stone
cmd	Orzhov Signet
cmd	Prophetic Prism
cmd	Rakdos Signet
cmd	Selesnya Signet
cmd	Simic Signet
cmd	Pollen Lullaby
cmd	Skullclamp
cmd	Sol Ring
cmd	Solemn Simulacrum
cmd	Triskelavus
cmd	Akoum Refuge
cmd	Azorius Chancery
cmd	Barren Moor
cmd	Bojuka Bog
cmd	Boros Garrison
cmd	Command Tower
cmd	Prison Term
cmd	Dimir Aqueduct
cmd	Dreadship Reef
cmd	Evolving Wilds
cmd	Forgotten Cave
cmd	Fungal Reaches
cmd	Golgari Rot Farm
cmd	Gruul Turf
cmd	Homeward Path
cmd	Izzet Boilerworks
cmd	Jwar Isle Refuge
cmd	Return to Dust
cmd	Kazandu Refuge
cmd	Lonely Sandbar
cmd	Molten Slagheap
cmd	Orzhov Basilica
cmd	Rakdos Carnarium
cmd	Rupture Spire
cmd	Secluded Steppe
cmd	Selesnya Sanctuary
cmd	Simic Growth Chamber
cmd	Svogthos, the Restless Tomb
cmd	Righteous Cause
cmd	Temple of the False God
cmd	Terramorphic Expanse
cmd	Tranquil Thicket
cmd	Vivid Crag
cmd	Vivid Creek
cmd	Vivid Grove
cmd	Vivid Marsh
cmd	Vivid Meadow
cmd	Zoetic Cavern
cmd	Plains
cmd	Akroma's Vengeance
cmd	Serra Angel
cmd	Plains
cmd	Plains
cmd	Plains
cmd	Island
cmd	Island
cmd	Island
cmd	Island
cmd	Swamp
cmd	Swamp
cmd	Swamp
cmd	Shattered Angel
cmd	Swamp
cmd	Mountain
cmd	Mountain
cmd	Mountain
cmd	Mountain
cmd	Forest
cmd	Forest
cmd	Forest
cmd	Forest
cmd	Soul Snare
cmd	Spurnmage Advocate
cmd	Storm Herd
cmd	Voice of All
cmd	Vow of Duty
cmd	Wall of Omens
cmd	Windborn Muse
cmd	Aethersnipe
cmd	Alliance of Arms
cmd	Brainstorm
cmd	Chromeshell Crab
cmd	Conundrum Sphinx
cmd	Court Hussar
cmd	Dreamborn Muse
cmd	Fact or Fiction
cmd	Flusterstorm
cmd	Fog Bank
cmd	Gomazoa
cmd	Guard Gomazoa
cmd	Angelic Arbiter
cmd	Memory Erosion
cmd	Minds Aglow
cmd	Mulldrifter
cmd	Murmurs from Beyond
cmd	Perilous Research
cmd	Propaganda
cmd	Ray of Command
cmd	Reins of Power
cmd	Repulse
cmd	Riddlekeeper
cmd	Arbiter of Knollridge
cmd	Scattering Stroke
cmd	Skyscribing
cmd	Slipstream Eel
cmd	Spell Crumple
cmd	Trade Secrets
cmd	Trench Gorger
cmd	Vedalken Plotter
cmd	Vision Skeins
cmd	Vow of Flight
cmd	Whirlpool Whelm
cmd	Archangel of Strife
cmd	Windfall
cmd	Wonder
cmd	Attrition
cmd	Avatar of Woe
cmd	Buried Alive
cmd	Butcher of Malakir
cmd	Dark Hatchling
cmd	Diabolic Tutor
cmd	Doom Blade
cmd	Dread Cacodemon
cmd	Austere Command
cmd	Evincar's Justice
cmd	Extractor Demon
cmd	Fallen Angel
cmd	Fleshbag Marauder
cmd	Footbottom Feast
cmd	Grave Pact
cmd	Gravedigger
cmd	Hex
cmd	Living Death
cmd	Mortivore
cmd	Bathe in Light
cmd	Nantuko Husk
cmd	Nemesis Trap
cmd	Nezumi Graverobber
cmd	Nighteyes the Desecrator
cmd	Patron of the Nezumi
cmd	Razorjaw Oni
cmd	Reiver Demon
cmd	Rise from the Grave
cmd	Scythe Specter
cmd	Sewer Nemesis
cmd	Shared Trauma
cns	Jetting Glasskite
cns	Minamo Scrollkeeper
cns	Misdirection
cns	Plated Seastrider
cns	Reckless Scholar
cns	Screaming Seahawk
cns	Shoreline Ranger
cns	Stasis Cell
cns	Stifle
cns	Traveler's Cloak
cns	Turn the Tide
cns	Wind Dancer
cns	Altar's Reap
cns	Assassinate
cns	Ill-Gotten Gains
cns	Infectious Horror
cns	Liliana's Specter
cns	Magus of the Mirror
cns	Morkrut Banshee
cns	Necromantic Thirst
cns	Phage the Untouchable
cns	Plagued Rusalka
cns	Quag Vampires
cns	Reckless Spite
cns	Skeletal Scrying
cns	Smallpox
cns	Stronghold Discipline
cns	Syphon Soul
cns	Tragic Slip
cns	Twisted Abomination
cns	Typhoid Rats
cns	Unhallowed Pact
cns	Vampire Hexmage
cns	Victimize
cns	Wakedancer
cns	Zombie Goliath
cns	Barbed Shocker
cns	Boldwyr Intimidator
cns	Brimstone Volley
cns	Chartooth Cougar
cns	Brago's Representative
cns	Cinder Wall
cns	Deathforge Shaman
cns	Flaring Flame-Kin
cns	Flowstone Blade
cns	Heartless Hidetsugu
cns	Heckling Fiends
cns	Lizard Warrior
cns	Mana Geyser
cns	Orcish Cannonade
cns	Pitchburn Devils
cns	Council Guardian
cns	Power of Fire
cns	Skitter of Lizards
cns	Sulfuric Vortex
cns	Torch Fiend
cns	Trumpet Blast
cns	Uncontrollable Anger
cns	Vent Sentinel
cns	Volcanic Fallout
cns	Wrap in Flames
cns	Charging Rhino
cns	Council's Judgment
cns	Copperhorn Scout
cns	Echoing Courage
cns	Elephant Guide
cns	Elvish Aberration
cns	Exploration
cns	Gamekeeper
cns	Gnarlid Pack
cns	Howling Wolf
cns	Hunger of the Howlpack
cns	Hydra Omnivore
cns	Custodi Soulbinders
cns	Lead the Stampede
cns	Nature's Claim
cns	Pelakka Wurm
cns	Plummet
cns	Provoke
cns	Relic Crush
cns	Respite
cns	Sakura-Tribe Elder
cns	Scaled Wurm
cns	Sporecap Spider
cns	Custodi Squire
cns	Squirrel Nest
cns	Terastodon
cns	Wolfbriar Elemental
cns	Wrap in Vigor
cns	Basandra, Battle Seraph
cns	Decimate
cns	Dimir Doppelganger
cns	Edric, Spymaster of Trest
cns	Fires of Yavimaya
cns	Mirari's Wake
cns	Rousing of Souls
cns	Mortify
cns	Pernicious Deed
cns	Sky Spirit
cns	Spiritmonger
cns	Spontaneous Combustion
cns	Wood Sage
cns	Altar of Dementia
cns	Deathrender
cns	Explorer's Scope
cns	Fireshrieker
cns	Academy Elite
cns	Galvanic Juggernaut
cns	Peace Strider
cns	Reito Lantern
cns	Runed Servitor
cns	Silent Arbiter
cns	Spectral Searchlight
cns	Vedalken Orrery
cns	Warmonger's Chariot
cns	Mirrodin's Core
cns	Quicksand
cns	Marchesa's Emissary
cns	Reflecting Pool
cns	Marchesa's Infiltrator
cns	Muzzio, Visionary Architect
cns	Plea for Power
cns	Split Decision
cns	Bite of the Black Rose
cns	Drakestown Forgotten
cns	Grudge Keeper
cns	Reign of the Pit
cns	Tyrant's Choice
cns	Enraged Revolutionary
cns	Grenzo's Cutthroat
cns	Grenzo's Rebuttal
cns	Ignition Team
cns	Scourge of the Throne
cns	Treasonous Ogre
cns	Predator's Howl
cns	Realm Seekers
cns	Selvala's Charge
cns	Selvala's Enforcer
cns	Brago, King Eternal
cns	Dack Fayden
cns	Dack's Duplicate
cns	Deathreap Ritual
cns	Extract from Darkness
cns	Flamewright
cns	Grenzo, Dungeon Warden
cns	Magister of Worth
cns	Marchesa, the Black Rose
cns	Marchesa's Smuggler
cns	Selvala, Explorer Returned
cns	Woodvine Elemental
cns	Aether Searcher
cns	Agent of Acquisitions
cns	Canal Dredger
cns	Coercive Portal
cns	Cogwork Grinder
cns	Cogwork Librarian
cns	Cogwork Spy
cns	Cogwork Tracker
cns	Deal Broker
cns	Lore Seeker
cns	Lurking Automaton
cns	Whispergear Sneak
cns	Paliano, the High City
cns	Ajani's Sunstriker
cns	Apex Hawks
cns	Courier Hawk
cns	Doomed Traveler
cns	Glimmerpoint Stag
cns	Guardian Zendikon
cns	Intangible Virtue
cns	Kor Chant
cns	Moment of Heroism
cns	Noble Templar
cns	Pillarfield Ox
cns	Pride Guardian
cns	Pristine Angel
cns	Reya Dawnbringer
cns	Rout
cns	Silverchase Fox
cns	Soulcatcher
cns	Stave Off
cns	Swords to Plowshares
cns	Unquestioned Authority
cns	Valor Made Real
cns	Vow of Duty
cns	Wakestone Gargoyle
cns	Aether Tradewinds
cns	Air Servant
cns	Brainstorm
cns	Breakthrough
cns	Compulsive Research
cns	Crookclaw Transmuter
cns	Dream Fracture
cns	Enclave Elite
cns	Fact or Fiction
cns	Favorable Winds
cns	Grixis Illusionist
cns	Advantageous Proclamation
cns	Backup Plan
cns	Brago's Favor
cns	Double Stroke
cns	Immediate Action
cns	Iterative Analysis
cns	Muzzio's Preparations
cns	Power Play
cns	Secret Summoning
cns	Secrets of Paradise
cns	Sentinel Dispatch
cns	Unexpected Potential
cns	Worldknit
med	Angry Mob
med	Dust to Dust
med	Jokulhaups
med	Keldon Warlord
med	Lightning Bolt
med	Mana Flare
med	Márton Stromgald
med	Mountain Yeti
med	Orcish Mechanics
med	Pyroblast
med	Spinal Villain
med	Stone Giant
med	Elder Land Wurm
med	Varchild's War-Riders
med	Winds of Change
med	Ydwen Efreet
med	Autumn Willow
med	Berserk
med	Carnivorous Plant
med	Chub Toad
med	Eureka
med	Fyndhorn Elves
med	Gargantuan Gorilla
med	Exile
med	Ghazbán Ogre
med	Hungry Mist
med	Ice Storm
med	Ifh-Bíff Efreet
med	Nature's Lore
med	Primal Order
med	Rabid Wombat
med	Roots
med	Scryb Sprites
med	Shambling Strider
med	Greater Realm of Preservation
med	Singing Tree
med	Spectral Bears
med	Storm Seeker
med	Sylvan Library
med	Thicket Basilisk
med	Thorn Thallid
med	Tornado
med	Wanderlust
med	Winter Blast
med	Wyluli Wolf
med	Hallowed Ground
med	Yavimaya Ants
med	Adun Oakenshield
med	Centaur Archer
med	Dakkon Blackblade
med	Energy Arc
med	Fire Covenant
med	Hymn of Rebirth
med	Jacques le Vert
med	Lim-Dûl's Vault
med	Lord of Tresserhorn
med	Hand of Justice
med	Phelddagrif
med	Ankh of Mishra
med	Ashnod's Transmogrant
med	Clockwork Beast
med	Copper Tablet
med	Cursed Rack
med	Dragon Engine
med	Forcefield
med	Ivory Tower
med	Mirror Universe
med	Holy Light
med	Nevinyrral's Disk
med	Onulet
med	Phyrexian War Beast
med	Ring of Ma'rûf
med	Serpent Generator
med	Shield of the Ages
med	Shield Sphere
med	Stone Calendar
med	Su-Chi
med	Tawnos's Coffin
med	Icatian Lieutenant
med	Urza's Bauble
med	Urza's Chalice
med	Walking Wall
med	Winter Orb
med	Zuran Orb
med	Diamond Valley
med	Island of Wak-Wak
med	Lake of the Dead
med	Mishra's Factory
med	Rainbow Vale
med	Icatian Town
med	Thawing Glaciers
med	Plains
med	Plains
med	Plains
med	Island
med	Island
med	Island
med	Swamp
med	Swamp
med	Swamp
med	Knights of Thorn
med	Mountain
med	Mountain
med	Mountain
med	Forest
med	Forest
med	Forest
med	Animate Wall
med	Mesa Pegasus
med	Moat
med	Order of Leitbur
med	Petra Sphinx
med	Preacher
med	Righteous Avengers
med	Seraph
med	Thunder Spirit
med	Tivadar's Crusade
med	Amnesia
med	Argivian Archaeologist
med	Apprentice Wizard
med	Arcane Denial
med	Diminishing Returns
med	Force of Will
med	Giant Tortoise
med	High Tide
med	Homarid Spawning Bed
med	Hydroblast
med	Illusionary Forces
med	Illusionary Wall
med	Armageddon
med	Illusions of Grandeur
med	Juxtapose
med	Mystic Remora
med	Phantom Monster
med	Polar Kraken
med	Psychic Purge
med	Psychic Venom
med	River Merfolk
med	Sea Sprite
med	Seasinger
med	Benalish Hero
med	Serendib Efreet
med	Sunken City
med	Telekinesis
med	Time Elemental
med	Vesuvan Doppelganger
med	Vodalian Knights
med	Word of Undoing
med	Animate Dead
med	Baron Sengir
med	Basal Thrull
med	Crusade
med	Black Knight
med	Blight
med	Breeding Pit
med	Chains of Mephistopheles
med	Contagion
med	Cuombajj Witches
med	Derelor
med	Eater of the Dead
med	Erg Raiders
med	The Fallen
med	Death Speakers
med	Feast or Famine
med	Hecatomb
med	Hyalopterous Lemure
med	Hymn to Tourach
med	Juzám Djinn
med	Khabál Ghoul
med	Mindstab Thrull
med	Nether Shadow
med	Order of the Ebon Hand
med	Oubliette
med	Death Ward
med	Paralyze
med	Phyrexian Boon
med	Pox
med	Thrull Champion
med	Thrull Retainer
med	Artifact Blast
med	Balduvian Horde
med	Ball Lightning
med	Bestial Fury
med	Brothers of Fire
med	Divine Transformation
med	Crookshank Kobolds
med	Dwarven Catapult
med	Dwarven Soldier
med	Fissure
med	Goblin Chirurgeon
med	Goblin Grenade
med	Goblin Mutant
med	Goblin Wizard
med	Goblins of the Flarg
med	Granite Gargoyle
me2	Abbey Gargoyles
me2	Disenchant
me2	Krovikan Fetish
me2	Krovikan Horror
me2	Krovikan Vampire
me2	Lim-Dûl's High Guard
me2	Minion of Leshrac
me2	Misinformation
me2	Necrite
me2	Necropotence
me2	Phantasmal Fiend
me2	Ritual of the Machine
me2	Energy Storm
me2	Songs of the Damned
me2	Soul Exchange
me2	Soul Kiss
me2	Stromgald Cabal
me2	Withering Wisps
me2	Ambush Party
me2	Anarchy
me2	An-Zerrin Ruins
me2	Balduvian Hydra
me2	Brassclaw Orcs
me2	Errand of Duty
me2	Brimstone Dragon
me2	Burnout
me2	Conquer
me2	Death Spark
me2	Errantry
me2	Fire Dragon
me2	Flame Spirit
me2	Glacial Crevasses
me2	Goblin Ski Patrol
me2	Gorilla Shaman
me2	Farrel's Mantle
me2	Imperial Recruiter
me2	Incinerate
me2	Ironclaw Orcs
me2	Karplusan Giant
me2	Lava Burst
me2	Meteor Shower
me2	Mudslide
me2	Orc General
me2	Orcish Cannoneers
me2	Orcish Captain
me2	Farrel's Zealot
me2	Orcish Conscripts
me2	Orcish Farmer
me2	Orcish Lumberjack
me2	Orcish Squatters
me2	Orcish Veteran
me2	Panic
me2	Pillage
me2	Pyrokinesis
me2	Retribution
me2	Rogue Skycaptain
me2	Icatian Javelineers
me2	Stone Spirit
me2	Stonehands
me2	Varchild's Crusader
me2	Aurochs
me2	Bounty of the Hunt
me2	Carapace
me2	Elvish Farmer
me2	Elvish Hunter
me2	Elvish Ranger
me2	Elvish Spirit Guide
me2	Icatian Phalanx
me2	Essence Filter
me2	Feral Thallid
me2	Folk of the Pines
me2	Forbidden Lore
me2	Forgotten Lore
me2	Fungal Bloom
me2	Fyndhorn Pollen
me2	Giant Growth
me2	Johtull Wurm
me2	Joven's Ferrets
me2	Icatian Scout
me2	Kaysa
me2	Leaping Lizard
me2	Nature's Wrath
me2	Night Soil
me2	Ritual of Subdual
me2	Shrink
me2	Spore Cloud
me2	Spore Flower
me2	Stampede
me2	Stunted Growth
me2	Inheritance
me2	Thallid
me2	Thallid Devourer
me2	Thelonite Druid
me2	Thermokarst
me2	Tinder Wall
me2	Whiteout
me2	Wiitigo
me2	Wolf Pack
me2	Woolly Mammoths
me2	Woolly Spider
me2	Ivory Gargoyle
me2	Yavimaya Ancients
me2	Diabolic Vision
me2	Earthlink
me2	Elemental Augury
me2	Fumarole
me2	Giant Trap Door Spider
me2	Nature's Blessing
me2	Skeleton Ship
me2	Storm Spirit
me2	Wings of Aesthir
me2	Angel of Fury
me2	Juniper Order Advocate
me2	Winter's Night
me2	Adarkar Sentinel
me2	Aeolipile
me2	Ashnod's Cylix
me2	Barbed Sextant
me2	Clockwork Steed
me2	Despotic Scepter
me2	Elkin Bottle
me2	Elven Lyre
me2	Gustha's Scepter
me2	Kjeldoran Elite Guard
me2	Helm of Obedience
me2	Jester's Mask
me2	Jeweled Amulet
me2	Lodestone Bauble
me2	Mana Crypt
me2	Mishra's Groundbreaker
me2	Phyrexian Devourer
me2	Phyrexian Portal
me2	Roterothopter
me2	Skull Catapult
me2	Kjeldoran Home Guard
me2	Snow Fortress
me2	Soldevi Digger
me2	Soldevi Simulacrum
me2	Time Bomb
me2	Whirling Catapult
me2	Badlands
me2	Balduvian Trading Post
me2	Dwarven Ruins
me2	Ebon Stronghold
me2	Glacial Chasm
me2	Kjeldoran Skycaptain
me2	Havenwood Battleground
me2	Heart of Yavimaya
me2	Ice Floe
me2	Kjeldoran Outpost
me2	Ruins of Trokair
me2	Savannah
me2	Soldevi Excavations
me2	Svyelunite Temple
me2	Taiga
me2	Tundra
me2	Lost Order of Jarkeld
me2	Underground Sea
me2	Snow-Covered Plains
me2	Snow-Covered Island
me2	Snow-Covered Swamp
me2	Snow-Covered Mountain
me2	Snow-Covered Forest
me2	Order of the Sacred Torch
me2	Order of the White Shield
me2	Ravages of War
me2	Reinforcements
me2	Reprisal
me2	Angel of Light
me2	Righteous Fury
me2	Royal Decree
me2	Royal Trooper
me2	Sacred Boon
me2	Scars of the Veteran
me2	Shield Bearer
me2	Sustaining Spirit
me2	Swords to Plowshares
me2	Warning
me2	Aether Storm
me2	Armor of Faith
me2	Balduvian Conjurer
me2	Binding Grasp
me2	Brainstorm
me2	Browse
me2	Counterspell
me2	Deep Spawn
me2	Dreams of the Dead
me2	Enervate
me2	Essence Flare
me2	Iceberg
me2	Armored Griffin
me2	Icy Prison
me2	Krovikan Sorcerer
me2	Lat-Nam's Legacy
me2	Magus of the Unseen
me2	Marjhan
me2	Mesmeric Trance
me2	Musician
me2	Narwhal
me2	Personal Tutor
me2	Phantasmal Mount
me2	Aysen Bureaucrats
me2	Portent
me2	Ray of Command
me2	Red Cliffs Armada
me2	Screeching Drake
me2	Sea Drake
me2	Sea Spirit
me2	Shyft
me2	Sibilant Spirit
me2	Storm Elemental
me2	Temporal Manipulation
me2	Aysen Crusader
me2	Thought Lash
me2	Thunder Wall
me2	Viscerid Armor
me2	Viscerid Drone
me2	Wall of Kelp
me2	Wind Spirit
me2	Zuran Spellcaster
me2	Armor Thrull
me2	Ashen Ghoul
me2	Balduvian Dead
me2	Caribou Range
me2	Brine Shaman
me2	Broken Visage
me2	Cloak of Confusion
me2	Dance of the Dead
me2	Dark Banishing
me2	Demonic Consultation
me2	Drift of the Dead
me2	Dry Spell
me2	Dystopia
me2	Ebon Praetor
me2	Combat Medic
me2	Foul Familiar
me2	Funeral March
me2	Gangrenous Zombies
me2	Grandmother Sengir
me2	Icequake
me2	Ihsan's Shade
me2	Imperial Seal
me2	Infernal Darkness
me2	Kjeldoran Dead
me2	Knight of Stromgald
me3	Akron Legionnaire
me3	Exorcist
me3	Forked Lightning
me3	Frost Giant
me3	Hurloon Minotaur
me3	Immolation
me3	Kobold Drill Sergeant
me3	Kobold Overlord
me3	Kobold Taskmaster
me3	Kobolds of Kher Keep
me3	Lu Bu, Master-at-Arms
me3	Raging Minotaur
me3	False Defeat
me3	Rolling Earthquake
me3	Storm World
me3	Zodiac Dragon
me3	Arboria
me3	Concordant Crossroads
me3	Desert Twister
me3	Elves of Deep Shadow
me3	Faerie Noble
me3	Fire Sprites
me3	Freyalise's Winds
me3	Guan Yu, Sainted Warrior
me3	Gaea's Touch
me3	Giant Growth
me3	Heavy Fog
me3	Hua Tuo, Honored Physician
me3	Hunting Cheetah
me3	Jungle Lion
me3	Killer Bees
me3	Living Plane
me3	Meng Huo, Barbarian King
me3	Meng Huo's Horde
me3	Guan Yu's 1,000-Li March
me3	Reincarnation
me3	Riding the Dilu Horse
me3	Scryb Sprites
me3	Slashing Tiger
me3	Spoils of Victory
me3	Three Visits
me3	Tracker
me3	Trip Wire
me3	Willow Priestess
me3	Willow Satyr
me3	Heal
me3	Wormwood Treefolk
me3	Angus Mackenzie
me3	Arcades Sabboth
me3	Axelrod Gunnarson
me3	Barktooth Warbeard
me3	Bartel Runeaxe
me3	Boris Devilboon
me3	Chromium
me3	Gabriel Angelfire
me3	Gwendlyn Di Corci
me3	Ivory Guardians
me3	Halfdane
me3	Hazezon Tamar
me3	Hunding Gjornersen
me3	Jedit Ojanen
me3	Jerrard of the Closed Fist
me3	Kei Takahashi
me3	Kjeldoran Frostbeast
me3	Lady Caleria
me3	Lady Evangela
me3	Lady Orca
me3	Kongming, "Sleeping Dragon"
me3	Livonya Silone
me3	Marhault Elsdragon
me3	Nebuchadnezzar
me3	Nicol Bolas
me3	Palladia-Mors
me3	Pavel Maliki
me3	Princess Lucrezia
me3	Ragnar
me3	Ramirez DePietro
me3	Ramses Overdark
me3	Land Tax
me3	Rasputin Dreamweaver
me3	Riven Turnbull
me3	Rohgahh of Kher Keep
me3	Rubinia Soulsinger
me3	Sir Shandlar of Eberyn
me3	Sivitri Scarzam
me3	Spectral Shield
me3	Stangg
me3	Sunastian Falconer
me3	Tetsuo Umezawa
me3	Lightning Blow
me3	The Lady of the Mountain
me3	Tobias Andrion
me3	Tor Wauki
me3	Torsten Von Ursus
me3	Tuknir Deathlock
me3	Vaevictis Asmadi
me3	Wandering Mage
me3	Xira Arien
me3	Arena of the Ancients
me3	Astrolabe
me3	Liu Bei, Lord of Shu
me3	Barl's Cage
me3	Black Vise
me3	Bone Flute
me3	Coal Golem
me3	Didgeridoo
me3	Fellwar Stone
me3	Gauntlets of Chaos
me3	Illusionary Mask
me3	Knowledge Vault
me3	Life Chisel
me3	Alabaster Potion
me3	Loyal Retainers
me3	Nova Pentacle
me3	Sol Grail
me3	Sword of the Ages
me3	Voodoo Doll
me3	Bayou
me3	Bazaar of Baghdad
me3	City of Shadows
me3	Hammerheim
me3	Karakas
me3	Plateau
me3	Misfortune's Gain
me3	Scrubland
me3	Sorrow's Path
me3	The Tabernacle at Pendrell Vale
me3	Tropical Island
me3	Urborg
me3	Volcanic Island
me3	Plains
me3	Plains
me3	Plains
me3	Island
me3	Peach Garden Oath
me3	Island
me3	Island
me3	Swamp
me3	Swamp
me3	Swamp
me3	Mountain
me3	Mountain
me3	Mountain
me3	Forest
me3	Forest
me3	Shu Cavalry
me3	Forest
me3	Shu Elite Companions
me3	Shu General
me3	Shu Soldier-Farmers
me3	Wall of Light
me3	Zhang Fei, Fierce Warrior
me3	Benthic Explorers
me3	Amrou Kithkin
me3	Boomerang
me3	Borrowing 100,000 Arrows
me3	Brilliant Plan
me3	Capture of Jingzhou
me3	Dance of Many
me3	Flash Flood
me3	Force Spike
me3	Forced Retreat
me3	Infuse
me3	Labyrinth Minotaur
me3	Call to Arms
me3	Land Equilibrium
me3	Lu Meng, Wu General
me3	Lu Xun, Scholar General
me3	Mana Drain
me3	Mana Vortex
me3	Old Man of the Sea
me3	Recall
me3	Remove Soul
me3	Reset
me3	Reveka, Wizard Savant
me3	Cleanse
me3	Spiny Starfish
me3	Strategic Planning
me3	Sun Ce, Young Conquerer
me3	Sun Quan, Lord of Wu
me3	Wu Elite Cavalry
me3	Wu Longbowman
me3	Wu Warship
me3	All Hallow's Eve
me3	Ashes to Ashes
me3	Banshee
me3	D'Avenant Archer
me3	Carrion Ants
me3	Cosmic Horror
me3	Demonic Torment
me3	Desperate Charge
me3	Evil Presence
me3	Famine
me3	Fevered Strength
me3	Ghostly Visit
me3	Ghosts of the Damned
me3	Grim Tutor
me3	Disenchant
me3	Hellfire
me3	Lesser Werewolf
me3	Mind Twist
me3	Nether Void
me3	Spirit Shackle
me3	Stolen Grain
me3	Takklemaggot
me3	The Abyss
me3	The Wretched
me3	Wei Elite Companions
me3	Divine Intervention
me3	Wei Infantry
me3	Wei Night Raiders
me3	Wei Strike Force
me3	Xiahou Dun, the One-Eyed
me3	Young Wei Recruits
me3	Active Volcano
me3	Anaba Ancestor
me3	Anaba Spirit Crafter
me3	Blood Lust
me3	Burning of Xinye
me3	Eightfold Maze
me3	Chain Lightning
me3	Cinder Storm
me3	Corrupt Eunuchs
me3	Crimson Kobolds
me3	Crimson Manticore
me3	Disharmony
me3	Dong Zhou, the Tyrant
me3	Fire Ambush
me3	Fire Drake
me3	Firestorm Phoenix
me4	Alaborn Musketeer
me4	Divine Offering
me4	Warp Artifact
me4	Weakness
me4	Wicked Pact
me4	Word of Command
me4	Xenic Poltergeist
me4	Zombie Master
me4	Aladdin
me4	Ali from Cairo
me4	Artifact Blast
me4	Atog
me4	Dust to Dust
me4	Bird Maiden
me4	Detonate
me4	Devastation
me4	Fire Imp
me4	Fire Tempest
me4	Fireball
me4	Fork
me4	Goblin Bully
me4	Goblin Cavaliers
me4	Goblin Caves
me4	Eye for an Eye
me4	Goblin Firestarter
me4	Goblin General
me4	Goblin Shrine
me4	Goblin Warrens
me4	Gorilla War Cry
me4	Last Chance
me4	Lava Flow
me4	Mijae Djinn
me4	Ogre Taskmaster
me4	Orcish Mechanics
me4	Harsh Justice
me4	Primitive Justice
me4	Red Elemental Blast
me4	Roc of Kher Ridges
me4	Rock Hydra
me4	Rockslide Ambush
me4	Sedge Troll
me4	Shivan Dragon
me4	Smoke
me4	Thunder Dragon
me4	Two-Headed Giant of Foriys
me4	Healing Salve
me4	Wheel of Fortune
me4	Alluring Scent
me4	Argothian Pixies
me4	Argothian Treefolk
me4	Bee Sting
me4	Channel
me4	Citanul Druid
me4	Crumble
me4	Cyclone
me4	Deathcoil Wurm
me4	Island Sanctuary
me4	Drop of Honey
me4	Elite Cat Warrior
me4	Fastbond
me4	Fog
me4	Force of Nature
me4	Gaea's Avenger
me4	Giant Growth
me4	Instill Energy
me4	Ironhoof Ox
me4	Kudzu
me4	Just Fate
me4	Lifeforce
me4	Living Lands
me4	Radjan Spirit
me4	Regrowth
me4	Sandstorm
me4	Scarwood Bandits
me4	Scavenger Folk
me4	Southern Elephant
me4	Squall
me4	Sylvan Tutor
me4	Kismet
me4	Titania's Song
me4	Tsunami
me4	War Mammoth
me4	Whiptail Wurm
me4	Wild Ox
me4	Wood Elemental
me4	Aesthir Glider
me4	Al-abara's Carpet
me4	Alchor's Tomb
me4	Amulet of Kroog
me4	Leeches
me4	Armageddon Clock
me4	Ashnod's Altar
me4	Basalt Monolith
me4	Book of Rass
me4	Bottle of Suleiman
me4	Brass Man
me4	Bronze Horse
me4	Candelabra of Tawnos
me4	Celestial Sword
me4	Clay Statue
me4	Martyr's Cry
me4	Clockwork Avian
me4	Clockwork Gnomes
me4	Clockwork Swarm
me4	Colossus of Sardia
me4	Coral Helm
me4	Cyclopean Tomb
me4	Diabolic Machine
me4	Dragon Engine
me4	Ebony Horse
me4	Ebony Rhino
me4	Alaborn Trooper
me4	Martyrs of Korlis
me4	Floodwater Dam
me4	Flying Carpet
me4	Gauntlet of Might
me4	Glasses of Urza
me4	Grapeshot Catapult
me4	Horn of Deafening
me4	Ice Cauldron
me4	Icy Manipulator
me4	Jade Monolith
me4	Juggernaut
me4	Osai Vultures
me4	Kormus Bell
me4	Library of Leng
me4	Living Wall
me4	Mana Matrix
me4	Mana Vault
me4	Mightstone
me4	Naked Singularity
me4	Obelisk of Undoing
me4	Obsianus Golem
me4	Onulet
me4	Personal Incarnation
me4	Pentagram of the Ages
me4	Planar Gate
me4	Primal Clay
me4	Rakalite
me4	Ring of Renewal
me4	Scarecrow
me4	Shapeshifter
me4	Sol Ring
me4	Soldevi Golem
me4	Staff of Zegon
me4	Righteous Charge
me4	Tablet of Epityr
me4	Tawnos's Wand
me4	Tawnos's Weaponry
me4	Tetravus
me4	Time Vault
me4	Triassic Egg
me4	Urza's Chalice
me4	Urza's Miter
me4	Vibrating Sphere
me4	Weakstone
me4	Savannah Lions
me4	Yotian Soldier
me4	Badlands
me4	Bayou
me4	City of Brass
me4	Elephant Graveyard
me4	Library of Alexandria
me4	Maze of Ith
me4	Mishra's Workshop
me4	Oasis
me4	Plateau
me4	Serra Angel
me4	Savannah
me4	Scrubland
me4	Strip Mine
me4	Taiga
me4	Tropical Island
me4	Tundra
me4	Underground Sea
me4	Urza's Mine
me4	Urza's Power Plant
me4	Urza's Tower
me4	Serra Aviary
me4	Volcanic Island
me4	Serra Bestiary
me4	Spotted Griffin
me4	Steam Catapult
me4	Angelic Voices
me4	Swords to Plowshares
me4	Temple Acolyte
me4	Veteran Bodyguard
me4	White Knight
me4	Wild Aesthir
me4	Wild Griffin
me4	Acid Rain
me4	Air Elemental
me4	Animate Artifact
me4	Blue Elemental Blast
me4	Argivian Blacksmith
me4	Braingeyser
me4	Cloud Dragon
me4	Cloud Spirit
me4	Control Magic
me4	Copy Artifact
me4	Counterspell
me4	Drain Power
me4	Drowned
me4	Energy Flux
me4	False Summoning
me4	Armageddon
me4	Giant Tortoise
me4	In the Eye of Chaos
me4	Mahamoti Djinn
me4	Mystic Decree
me4	Owl Familiar
me4	Phantasmal Forces
me4	Phantasmal Terrain
me4	Power Artifact
me4	Prodigal Sorcerer
me4	Reconstruction
me4	Balance
me4	Sea Serpent
me4	Serendib Djinn
me4	Sleight of Hand
me4	Soldevi Machinist
me4	Stasis
me4	Symbol of Unsummoning
me4	Talas Researcher
me4	Theft of Dreams
me4	Thing from the Deep
me4	Transmute Artifact
me4	Blaze of Glory
me4	Water Elemental
me4	Black Knight
me4	Cyclopean Mummy
me4	Dakmor Plague
me4	Dark Ritual
me4	Deathgrip
me4	Demonic Hordes
me4	Demonic Tutor
me4	Dread Reaper
me4	Dread Wight
me4	Champion Lancer
me4	Ebon Dragon
me4	Foul Spirit
me4	Gate to Phyrexia
me4	Gloom
me4	Gravebind
me4	Guardian Beast
me4	Hasran Ogress
me4	Howl from Beyond
me4	Junún Efreet
me4	Lich
me4	Conversion
me4	Lim-Dûl's Cohort
me4	Minion of Tevesh Szat
me4	Overwhelming Forces
me4	Prowling Nightstalker
me4	Rain of Daggers
me4	Scavenging Ghoul
me4	Sengir Vampire
me4	Sinkhole
me4	Soul Shred
me4	Terror
mmq	Afterlife
mmq	Cho-Arrim Legate
mmq	Saprazzan Legate
mmq	Saprazzan Outrigger
mmq	Saprazzan Raider
mmq	Shoving Match
mmq	Soothsaying
mmq	Squeeze
mmq	Statecraft
mmq	Stinging Barrier
mmq	Thwart
mmq	Tidal Bore
mmq	Cho-Manno, Revolutionary
mmq	Tidal Kraken
mmq	Timid Drake
mmq	Trade Routes
mmq	War Tax
mmq	Waterfront Bouncer
mmq	Alley Grifters
mmq	Black Market
mmq	Bog Smugglers
mmq	Bog Witch
mmq	Cackling Witch
mmq	Cho-Manno's Blessing
mmq	Cateran Brute
mmq	Cateran Enforcer
mmq	Cateran Kidnappers
mmq	Cateran Overlord
mmq	Cateran Persuader
mmq	Cateran Slaver
mmq	Cateran Summons
mmq	Conspiracy
mmq	Corrupt Official
mmq	Dark Ritual
mmq	Common Cause
mmq	Deathgazer
mmq	Deepwood Ghoul
mmq	Deepwood Legate
mmq	Delraich
mmq	Enslaved Horror
mmq	Extortion
mmq	Forced March
mmq	Ghoul's Feast
mmq	Haunted Crossroads
mmq	Highway Robber
mmq	Cornered Market
mmq	Instigator
mmq	Insubordination
mmq	Intimidation
mmq	Larceny
mmq	Liability
mmq	Maggot Therapy
mmq	Midnight Ritual
mmq	Misshapen Fiend
mmq	Molting Harpy
mmq	Nether Spirit
mmq	Crackdown
mmq	Notorious Assassin
mmq	Pretender's Claim
mmq	Primeval Shambler
mmq	Putrefaction
mmq	Quagmire Lamprey
mmq	Rain of Tears
mmq	Rampart Crawler
mmq	Rouse
mmq	Scandalmonger
mmq	Sever Soul
mmq	Crossbow Infantry
mmq	Silent Assassin
mmq	Skulking Fugitive
mmq	Snuff Out
mmq	Soul Channeling
mmq	Specter's Wail
mmq	Strongarm Thug
mmq	Thrashing Wumpus
mmq	Undertaker
mmq	Unmask
mmq	Unnatural Hunger
mmq	Devout Witness
mmq	Vendetta
mmq	Wall of Distortion
mmq	Arms Dealer
mmq	Battle Rampart
mmq	Battle Squadron
mmq	Blaster Mage
mmq	Blood Hound
mmq	Blood Oath
mmq	Brawl
mmq	Cave Sense
mmq	Disenchant
mmq	Cave-In
mmq	Cavern Crawler
mmq	Ceremonial Guard
mmq	Cinder Elemental
mmq	Close Quarters
mmq	Crag Saurian
mmq	Crash
mmq	Flailing Manticore
mmq	Flailing Ogre
mmq	Flailing Soldier
mmq	Fountain Watch
mmq	Flaming Sword
mmq	Furious Assault
mmq	Gerrard's Irregulars
mmq	Hammer Mage
mmq	Hired Giant
mmq	Kris Mage
mmq	Kyren Glider
mmq	Kyren Legate
mmq	Kyren Negotiations
mmq	Kyren Sniper
mmq	Alabaster Wall
mmq	Fresh Volunteers
mmq	Lava Runner
mmq	Lightning Hounds
mmq	Lithophage
mmq	Lunge
mmq	Magistrate's Veto
mmq	Mercadia's Downfall
mmq	Ogre Taskmaster
mmq	Pulverize
mmq	Puppet's Verdict
mmq	Robber Fly
mmq	Honor the Fallen
mmq	Rock Badger
mmq	Seismic Mage
mmq	Shock Troops
mmq	Sizzle
mmq	Squee, Goblin Nabob
mmq	Stone Rain
mmq	Tectonic Break
mmq	Territorial Dispute
mmq	Thieves' Auction
mmq	Thunderclap
mmq	Ignoble Soldier
mmq	Tremor
mmq	Two-Headed Dragon
mmq	Uphill Battle
mmq	Volcanic Wind
mmq	War Cadence
mmq	Warmonger
mmq	Warpath
mmq	Wild Jhovall
mmq	Word of Blasting
mmq	Ancestral Mask
mmq	Inviolability
mmq	Bifurcate
mmq	Boa Constrictor
mmq	Briar Patch
mmq	Caller of the Hunt
mmq	Caustic Wasps
mmq	Clear the Land
mmq	Collective Unconscious
mmq	Dawnstrider
mmq	Deadly Insect
mmq	Deepwood Drummer
mmq	Ivory Mask
mmq	Deepwood Elder
mmq	Deepwood Tantiv
mmq	Deepwood Wolverine
mmq	Desert Twister
mmq	Erithizon
mmq	Ferocity
mmq	Food Chain
mmq	Foster
mmq	Game Preserve
mmq	Giant Caterpillar
mmq	Jhovall Queen
mmq	Groundskeeper
mmq	Horned Troll
mmq	Howling Wolf
mmq	Hunted Wumpus
mmq	Invigorate
mmq	Land Grant
mmq	Ley Line
mmq	Lumbering Satyr
mmq	Lure
mmq	Megatherium
mmq	Jhovall Rider
mmq	Natural Affinity
mmq	Pangosaur
mmq	Revive
mmq	Rushwood Dryad
mmq	Rushwood Elemental
mmq	Rushwood Herbalist
mmq	Rushwood Legate
mmq	Saber Ants
mmq	Sacred Prey
mmq	Silverglade Elemental
mmq	Last Breath
mmq	Silverglade Pathfinder
mmq	Snake Pit
mmq	Snorting Gahr
mmq	Spidersilk Armor
mmq	Spontaneous Generation
mmq	Squall
mmq	Squallmonger
mmq	Stamina
mmq	Sustenance
mmq	Tiger Claws
mmq	Moment of Silence
mmq	Tranquility
mmq	Venomous Breath
mmq	Venomous Dragonfly
mmq	Vernal Equinox
mmq	Vine Dryad
mmq	Vine Trellis
mmq	Assembly Hall
mmq	Barbed Wire
mmq	Bargaining Table
mmq	Credit Voucher
mmq	Moonlit Wake
mmq	Crenellated Wall
mmq	Crooked Scales
mmq	Crumbling Sanctuary
mmq	Distorting Lens
mmq	Eye of Ramos
mmq	General's Regalia
mmq	Heart of Ramos
mmq	Henge Guardian
mmq	Horn of Plenty
mmq	Horn of Ramos
mmq	Armistice
mmq	Muzzle
mmq	Iron Lance
mmq	Jeweled Torque
mmq	Kyren Archive
mmq	Kyren Toy
mmq	Magistrate's Scepter
mmq	Mercadian Atlas
mmq	Mercadian Lift
mmq	Monkey Cage
mmq	Panacea
mmq	Power Matrix
mmq	Nightwind Glider
mmq	Puffer Extract
mmq	Rishadan Pawnshop
mmq	Skull of Ramos
mmq	Tooth of Ramos
mmq	Toymaker
mmq	Worry Beads
mmq	Dust Bowl
mmq	Fountain of Cho
mmq	Henge of Ramos
mmq	Hickory Woodlot
mmq	Noble Purpose
mmq	High Market
mmq	Mercadian Bazaar
mmq	Peat Bog
mmq	Remote Farm
mmq	Rishadan Port
mmq	Rushwood Grove
mmq	Sandstone Needle
mmq	Saprazzan Cove
mmq	Saprazzan Skerry
mmq	Subterranean Hangar
mmq	Orim's Cure
mmq	Tower of the Magistrate
mmq	Plains
mmq	Plains
mmq	Plains
mmq	Plains
mmq	Island
mmq	Island
mmq	Island
mmq	Island
mmq	Swamp
mmq	Pious Warrior
mmq	Swamp
mmq	Swamp
mmq	Swamp
mmq	Mountain
mmq	Mountain
mmq	Mountain
mmq	Mountain
mmq	Forest
mmq	Forest
mmq	Forest
mmq	Ramosian Captain
mmq	Forest
mmq	Ramosian Commander
mmq	Ramosian Lieutenant
mmq	Ramosian Rally
mmq	Ramosian Sergeant
mmq	Arrest
mmq	Ramosian Sky Marshal
mmq	Rappelling Scouts
mmq	Renounce
mmq	Revered Elder
mmq	Reverent Mantra
mmq	Righteous Aura
mmq	Righteous Indignation
mmq	Security Detail
mmq	Soothing Balm
mmq	Spiritual Focus
mmq	Ballista Squad
mmq	Steadfast Guard
mmq	Story Circle
mmq	Task Force
mmq	Thermal Glider
mmq	Tonic Peddler
mmq	Trap Runner
mmq	Wave of Reckoning
mmq	Wishmonger
mmq	Aerial Caravan
mmq	Balloon Peddler
mmq	Charm Peddler
mmq	Blockade Runner
mmq	Brainstorm
mmq	Bribery
mmq	Buoyancy
mmq	Chambered Nautilus
mmq	Chameleon Spirit
mmq	Charisma
mmq	Cloud Sprite
mmq	Coastal Piracy
mmq	Counterspell
mmq	Charmed Griffin
mmq	Cowardice
mmq	Customs Depot
mmq	Darting Merfolk
mmq	Dehydration
mmq	Diplomatic Escort
mmq	Diplomatic Immunity
mmq	Drake Hatchling
mmq	Embargo
mmq	Energy Flux
mmq	Extravagant Spirit
mmq	Cho-Arrim Alchemist
mmq	False Demise
mmq	Glowing Anemone
mmq	Gush
mmq	High Seas
mmq	Hoodwink
mmq	Indentured Djinn
mmq	Karn's Touch
mmq	Misdirection
mmq	Misstep
mmq	Overtaker
mmq	Cho-Arrim Bruiser
mmq	Port Inspector
mmq	Rishadan Airship
mmq	Rishadan Brigand
mmq	Rishadan Cutpurse
mmq	Rishadan Footpad
mmq	Sailmonger
mmq	Sand Squid
mmq	Saprazzan Bailiff
mmq	Saprazzan Breaker
mmq	Saprazzan Heir
mir	Abyssal Hunter
mir	Catacomb Dragon
mir	Tidal Wave
mir	Vaporous Djinn
mir	Wave Elemental
mir	Afiya Grove
mir	Thirst
mir	Armor of Thorns
mir	Barbed Foliage
mir	Brushwagg
mir	Canopy Dragon
mir	Crash of Rhinos
mir	Cycle of Life
mir	Choking Sands
mir	Decomposition
mir	Wellspring
mir	Early Harvest
mir	Fallow Earth
mir	Femeref Archers
mir	Fog
mir	Foratog
mir	Giant Mantis
mir	Gibbering Hyenas
mir	Granger Guildmage
mir	Hall of Gemstone
mir	Crypt Cobra
mir	Jolrael's Centaur
mir	Jungle Patrol
mir	Jungle Wurm
mir	Karoo Meerkat
mir	Locust Swarm
mir	Lure of Prey
mir	Maro
mir	Mindbender Spores
mir	Mtenda Lion
mir	Natural Balance
mir	Dark Banishing
mir	Nettletooth Djinn
mir	Preferred Selection
mir	Quirion Elves
mir	Rampant Growth
mir	Regeneration
mir	Roots of Life
mir	Sabertooth Cobra
mir	Sandstorm
mir	Seedling Charm
mir	Seeds of Innocence
mir	Dark Ritual
mir	Serene Heart
mir	Stalking Tiger
mir	Superior Numbers
mir	Tranquil Domain
mir	Tropical Storm
mir	Uktabi Faerie
mir	Uktabi Wildcats
mir	Unseen Walker
mir	Unyaro Bee Sting
mir	Village Elder
mir	Dirtwater Wraith
mir	Waiting in the Weeds
mir	Wall of Roots
mir	Wild Elephant
mir	Worldly Tutor
mir	Agility
mir	Aleatory
mir	Armorer Guildmage
mir	Barreling Attack
mir	Blind Fury
mir	Blistering Barrier
mir	Drain Life
mir	Builder's Bane
mir	Burning Palm Efreet
mir	Burning Shield Askari
mir	Chaos Charm
mir	Chaosphere
mir	Cinder Cloud
mir	Consuming Ferocity
mir	Crimson Hellkite
mir	Crimson Roc
mir	Dread Specter
mir	Dwarven Nomad
mir	Ekundu Cyclops
mir	Emberwilde Djinn
mir	Final Fortune
mir	Firebreathing
mir	Flame Elemental
mir	Flare
mir	Goblin Elite Infantry
mir	Goblin Scouts
mir	Goblin Soothsayer
mir	Ebony Charm
mir	Goblin Tinkerer
mir	Hammer of Bogardan
mir	Hivis of the Scale
mir	Illicit Auction
mir	Incinerate
mir	Kaervek's Torch
mir	Lightning Reflexes
mir	Pyric Salamander
mir	Raging Spirit
mir	Reckless Embermage
mir	Enfeeblement
mir	Reign of Chaos
mir	Searing Spear Askari
mir	Sirocco
mir	Spitting Earth
mir	Stone Rain
mir	Subterranean Spirit
mir	Talruum Minotaur
mir	Telim'Tor
mir	Telim'Tor's Edict
mir	Dwarven Miner
mir	Torrent of Lava
mir	Ashen Powder
mir	Feral Shadow
mir	Viashino Warrior
mir	Volcanic Dragon
mir	Volcanic Geyser
mir	Wildfire Emissary
mir	Zirilan of the Claw
mir	Afterlife
mir	Alarum
mir	Auspicious Ancestor
mir	Benevolent Unicorn
mir	Blinding Light
mir	Fetid Horror
mir	Celestial Dawn
mir	Civic Guildmage
mir	Dazzling Beauty
mir	Disempower
mir	Disenchant
mir	Divine Offering
mir	Divine Retribution
mir	Ekundu Griffin
mir	Enlightened Tutor
mir	Ethereal Champion
mir	Forbidden Crypt
mir	Favorable Destiny
mir	Femeref Healer
mir	Femeref Knight
mir	Femeref Scouts
mir	Healing Salve
mir	Illumination
mir	Iron Tusk Elephant
mir	Ivory Charm
mir	Jabari's Influence
mir	Mangara's Blessing
mir	Forsaken Wastes
mir	Mangara's Equity
mir	Melesse Spirit
mir	Mtenda Griffin
mir	Mtenda Herder
mir	Noble Elephant
mir	Null Chamber
mir	Pacifism
mir	Pearl Dragon
mir	Prismatic Circle
mir	Rashida Scalebane
mir	Grave Servitude
mir	Ritual of Steel
mir	Sacred Mesa
mir	Shadowbane
mir	Sidar Jabari
mir	Soul Echo
mir	Spectral Guardian
mir	Sunweb
mir	Teremko Griffin
mir	Unyaro Griffin
mir	Vigilant Martyr
mir	Gravebane Zombie
mir	Wall of Resistance
mir	Ward of Lights
mir	Yare
mir	Zhalfirin Commander
mir	Zhalfirin Knight
mir	Zuberi, Golden Feather
mir	Acidic Dagger
mir	Amber Prison
mir	Amulet of Unmaking
mir	Basalt Golem
mir	Harbinger of Night
mir	Bone Mask
mir	Charcoal Diamond
mir	Chariot of the Sun
mir	Crystal Golem
mir	Cursed Totem
mir	Elixir of Vitality
mir	Ersatz Gnomes
mir	Fire Diamond
mir	Grinning Totem
mir	Horrible Hordes
mir	Infernal Contract
mir	Igneous Golem
mir	Lead Golem
mir	Lion's Eye Diamond
mir	Mana Prism
mir	Mangara's Tome
mir	Marble Diamond
mir	Misers' Cage
mir	Moss Diamond
mir	Patagia Golem
mir	Paupers' Cage
mir	Kaervek's Hex
mir	Phyrexian Dreadnought
mir	Phyrexian Vault
mir	Razor Pendulum
mir	Sand Golem
mir	Sky Diamond
mir	Teeka's Dragon
mir	Telim'Tor's Darts
mir	Unerring Sling
mir	Ventifact Bottle
mir	Bad River
mir	Mire Shade
mir	Crystal Vein
mir	Flood Plain
mir	Forest
mir	Forest
mir	Forest
mir	Forest
mir	Grasslands
mir	Island
mir	Island
mir	Island
mir	Island
mir	Barbed-Back Wurm
mir	Nocturnal Raid
mir	Shimmer
mir	Mountain
mir	Mountain
mir	Mountain
mir	Mountain
mir	Mountain Valley
mir	Plains
mir	Plains
mir	Plains
mir	Plains
mir	Painful Memories
mir	Rocky Tar Pit
mir	Swamp
mir	Swamp
mir	Swamp
mir	Swamp
mir	Teferi's Isle
mir	Asmira, Holy Avenger
mir	Benthic Djinn
mir	Cadaverous Bloom
mir	Circle of Despair
mir	Phyrexian Tribute
mir	Delirium
mir	Discordant Spirit
mir	Emberwilde Caliph
mir	Energy Bolt
mir	Frenetic Efreet
mir	Grim Feast
mir	Harbor Guardian
mir	Haunting Apparition
mir	Hazerider Drake
mir	Jungle Troll
mir	Purraj of Urborg
mir	Kaervek's Purge
mir	Leering Gargoyle
mir	Malignant Growth
mir	Phyrexian Purge
mir	Prismatic Boon
mir	Purgatory
mir	Radiant Essence
mir	Reflect Damage
mir	Reparations
mir	Rock Basilisk
mir	Ravenous Vampire
mir	Savage Twister
mir	Sawback Manticore
mir	Sealed Fate
mir	Shauku's Minion
mir	Spatial Binding
mir	Unfulfilled Desires
mir	Vitalizing Cascade
mir	Warping Wurm
mir	Windreaper Falcon
mir	Reign of Terror
mir	Zebra Unicorn
mir	Restless Dead
mir	Sewer Rats
mir	Shadow Guildmage
mir	Shallow Grave
mir	Binding Agony
mir	Shauku, Endbringer
mir	Skulking Ghost
mir	Soul Rend
mir	Soulshriek
mir	Spirit of the Night
mir	Stupor
mir	Tainted Specter
mir	Tombstone Stairwell
mir	Urborg Panther
mir	Wall of Corpses
mir	Blighted Shaman
mir	Withering Boon
mir	Zombie Mob
mir	Ancestral Memories
mir	Azimaet Drake
mir	Bay Falcon
mir	Bazaar of Wonders
mir	Boomerang
mir	Cerulean Wyvern
mir	Cloak of Invisibility
mir	Coral Fighters
mir	Bone Harvest
mir	Daring Apprentice
mir	Dissipate
mir	Dream Cache
mir	Dream Fighter
mir	Energy Vortex
mir	Ether Well
mir	Flash
mir	Floodgate
mir	Hakim, Loreweaver
mir	Harmattan Efreet
mir	Breathstealer
mir	Jolt
mir	Kukemssa Pirates
mir	Kukemssa Serpent
mir	Meddle
mir	Memory Lapse
mir	Merfolk Raiders
mir	Merfolk Seer
mir	Mind Bend
mir	Mind Harness
mir	Mist Dragon
mir	Cadaverous Knight
mir	Mystical Tutor
mir	Political Trickery
mir	Polymorph
mir	Power Sink
mir	Prismatic Lace
mir	Psychic Transfer
mir	Ray of Command
mir	Reality Ripple
mir	Sandbar Crocodile
mir	Sapphire Charm
mir	Carrion
mir	Sea Scryer
mir	Shaper Guildmage
mir	Soar
mir	Suq'Ata Firewalker
mir	Taniwha
mir	Teferi's Curse
mir	Teferi's Drake
mir	Teferi's Imp
mrd	Altar's Light
mrd	Leonin Elder
mrd	Megatog
mrd	Molten Rain
mrd	Ogre Leadfoot
mrd	Rustmouth Ogre
mrd	Seething Song
mrd	Shatter
mrd	Shrapnel Blast
mrd	Slith Firewalker
mrd	Spikeshot Goblin
mrd	Trash for Treasure
mrd	Leonin Skyhunter
mrd	Vulshok Battlemaster
mrd	Vulshok Berserker
mrd	War Elemental
mrd	Battlegrowth
mrd	Bloodscent
mrd	Brown Ouphe
mrd	Copperhoof Vorrac
mrd	Creeping Mold
mrd	Deconstruct
mrd	Fangren Hunter
mrd	Loxodon Mender
mrd	Glissa Sunseeker
mrd	Groffskithur
mrd	Hum of the Radix
mrd	Journey of Discovery
mrd	Living Hive
mrd	Molder Slug
mrd	One Dozen Eyes
mrd	Plated Slagwurm
mrd	Predator's Strike
mrd	Slith Predator
mrd	Loxodon Peacekeeper
mrd	Sylvan Scrying
mrd	Tel-Jilad Archers
mrd	Tel-Jilad Chosen
mrd	Tel-Jilad Exile
mrd	Tooth and Nail
mrd	Troll Ascetic
mrd	Trolls of Tel-Jilad
mrd	Turn to Dust
mrd	Viridian Joiner
mrd	Viridian Shaman
mrd	Loxodon Punisher
mrd	Wurmskin Forger
mrd	Aether Spellbomb
mrd	Alpha Myr
mrd	Altar of Shadows
mrd	Banshee's Blade
mrd	Blinkmoth Urn
mrd	Bonesplitter
mrd	Bosh, Iron Golem
mrd	Bottle Gnomes
mrd	Cathodion
mrd	Luminous Angel
mrd	Chalice of the Void
mrd	Chromatic Sphere
mrd	Chrome Mox
mrd	Clockwork Beetle
mrd	Clockwork Condor
mrd	Clockwork Dragon
mrd	Clockwork Vorrac
mrd	Cobalt Golem
mrd	Copper Myr
mrd	Crystal Shard
mrd	Raise the Alarm
mrd	Culling Scales
mrd	Damping Matrix
mrd	Dead-Iron Sledge
mrd	Dragon Blood
mrd	Dross Scorpion
mrd	Duplicant
mrd	Duskworker
mrd	Elf Replica
mrd	Empyrial Plate
mrd	Extraplanar Lens
mrd	Razor Barrier
mrd	Farsight Mask
mrd	Fireshrieker
mrd	Frogmite
mrd	Galvanic Key
mrd	Gate to the Aether
mrd	Gilded Lotus
mrd	Goblin Charbelcher
mrd	Goblin Dirigible
mrd	Goblin Replica
mrd	Goblin War Wagon
mrd	Roar of the Kha
mrd	Gold Myr
mrd	Golem-Skin Gauntlets
mrd	Granite Shard
mrd	Grid Monitor
mrd	Heartwood Shard
mrd	Hematite Golem
mrd	Icy Manipulator
mrd	Iron Myr
mrd	Isochron Scepter
mrd	Jinxed Choker
mrd	Rule of Law
mrd	Krark's Thumb
mrd	Leaden Myr
mrd	Leonin Bladetrap
mrd	Leonin Scimitar
mrd	Leonin Sun Standard
mrd	Leveler
mrd	Liar's Pendulum
mrd	Lifespark Spellbomb
mrd	Lightning Coils
mrd	Lightning Greaves
mrd	Arrest
mrd	Second Sunrise
mrd	Lodestone Myr
mrd	Loxodon Warhammer
mrd	Malachite Golem
mrd	Mask of Memory
mrd	Mesmeric Orb
mrd	Mind's Eye
mrd	Mindslaver
mrd	Mindstorm Crown
mrd	Mirror Golem
mrd	Mourner's Shield
mrd	Skyhunter Cub
mrd	Myr Adapter
mrd	Myr Enforcer
mrd	Myr Incubator
mrd	Myr Mindservant
mrd	Myr Prototype
mrd	Myr Retriever
mrd	Necrogen Spellbomb
mrd	Needlebug
mrd	Neurok Hoversail
mrd	Nightmare Lash
mrd	Skyhunter Patrol
mrd	Nim Replica
mrd	Nuisance Engine
mrd	Oblivion Stone
mrd	Omega Myr
mrd	Ornithopter
mrd	Pearl Shard
mrd	Pentavus
mrd	Pewter Golem
mrd	Platinum Angel
mrd	Power Conduit
mrd	Slith Ascendant
mrd	Proteus Staff
mrd	Psychogenic Probe
mrd	Pyrite Spellbomb
mrd	Quicksilver Fountain
mrd	Rust Elemental
mrd	Rustspore Ram
mrd	Scale of Chiss-Goria
mrd	Scrabbling Claws
mrd	Sculpting Steel
mrd	Scythe of the Wretched
mrd	Solar Tide
mrd	Serum Tank
mrd	Silver Myr
mrd	Skeleton Shard
mrd	Slagwurm Armor
mrd	Soldier Replica
mrd	Solemn Simulacrum
mrd	Soul Foundry
mrd	Spellweaver Helix
mrd	Steel Wall
mrd	Sun Droplet
mrd	Soul Nova
mrd	Sunbeam Spellbomb
mrd	Sword of Kaldra
mrd	Synod Sanctum
mrd	Talisman of Dominance
mrd	Talisman of Impulse
mrd	Talisman of Indulgence
mrd	Talisman of Progress
mrd	Talisman of Unity
mrd	Tanglebloom
mrd	Tangleroot
mrd	Sphere of Purity
mrd	Tel-Jilad Stylus
mrd	Thought Prison
mrd	Timesifter
mrd	Titanium Golem
mrd	Tooth of Chiss-Goria
mrd	Tower of Champions
mrd	Tower of Eons
mrd	Tower of Fortunes
mrd	Tower of Murmurs
mrd	Triskelion
mrd	Taj-Nar Swordsmith
mrd	Viridian Longbow
mrd	Vorrac Battlehorns
mrd	Vulshok Battlegear
mrd	Vulshok Gauntlets
mrd	Welding Jar
mrd	Wizard Replica
mrd	Worldslayer
mrd	Yotian Soldier
mrd	Ancient Den
mrd	Blinkmoth Well
mrd	Tempest of Light
mrd	Cloudpost
mrd	Glimmervoid
mrd	Great Furnace
mrd	Seat of the Synod
mrd	Stalking Stones
mrd	Tree of Tales
mrd	Vault of Whispers
mrd	Plains
mrd	Plains
mrd	Plains
mrd	Annul
mrd	Plains
mrd	Island
mrd	Island
mrd	Island
mrd	Island
mrd	Swamp
mrd	Swamp
mrd	Swamp
mrd	Swamp
mrd	Mountain
mrd	Auriok Bladewarden
mrd	Assert Authority
mrd	Mountain
mrd	Mountain
mrd	Mountain
mrd	Forest
mrd	Forest
mrd	Forest
mrd	Forest
mrd	Broodstar
mrd	Disarm
mrd	Domineer
mrd	Dream's Grip
mrd	Fabricate
mrd	Fatespinner
mrd	Inertia Bubble
mrd	Looming Hoverguard
mrd	Lumengrid Augur
mrd	Auriok Steelshaper
mrd	Lumengrid Sentinel
mrd	Lumengrid Warden
mrd	March of the Machines
mrd	Neurok Familiar
mrd	Neurok Spy
mrd	Override
mrd	Psychic Membrane
mrd	Quicksilver Elemental
mrd	Regress
mrd	Shared Fate
mrd	Auriok Transfixer
mrd	Slith Strider
mrd	Somber Hoverguard
mrd	Temporal Cascade
mrd	Thirst for Knowledge
mrd	Thoughtcast
mrd	Vedalken Archmage
mrd	Wanderguard Sentry
mrd	Barter in Blood
mrd	Betrayal of Flesh
mrd	Chimney Imp
mrd	Awe Strike
mrd	Consume Spirit
mrd	Contaminated Bond
mrd	Disciple of the Vault
mrd	Dross Harvester
mrd	Dross Prowler
mrd	Flayed Nim
mrd	Grim Reminder
mrd	Irradiate
mrd	Moriok Scavenger
mrd	Necrogen Mists
mrd	Blinding Beam
mrd	Nim Devourer
mrd	Nim Lasher
mrd	Nim Shambler
mrd	Nim Shrieker
mrd	Promise of Power
mrd	Reiver Demon
mrd	Relic Bane
mrd	Slith Bloodletter
mrd	Spoils of the Vault
mrd	Terror
mrd	Leonin Abunas
mrd	Vermiculos
mrd	Wail of the Nim
mrd	Wall of Blood
mrd	Woebearer
mrd	Wrench Mind
mrd	Arc-Slogger
mrd	Atog
mrd	Confusion in the Ranks
mrd	Detonate
mrd	Electrostatic Bolt
mrd	Leonin Den-Guard
mrd	Fiery Gambit
mrd	Fists of the Anvil
mrd	Forge Armor
mrd	Fractured Loyalty
mrd	Goblin Striker
mrd	Grab the Reins
mrd	Incite War
mrd	Krark-Clan Grunt
mrd	Krark-Clan Shaman
mrd	Mass Hysteria
mbs	Accorder Paladin
mbs	Leonin Relic-Warder
mbs	Bonehoard
mbs	Brass Squire
mbs	Copper Carapace
mbs	Core Prowler
mbs	Darksteel Plate
mbs	Decimator Web
mbs	Dross Ripper
mbs	Flayer Husk
mbs	Gust-Skimmer
mbs	Hexplate Golem
mbs	Leonin Skyhunter
mbs	Ichor Wellspring
mbs	Knowledge Pool
mbs	Lumengrid Gargoyle
mbs	Magnetic Mine
mbs	Mirrorworks
mbs	Mortarpod
mbs	Myr Sire
mbs	Myr Turbine
mbs	Myr Welder
mbs	Peace Strider
mbs	Loxodon Partisan
mbs	Phyrexian Digester
mbs	Phyrexian Juggernaut
mbs	Phyrexian Revoker
mbs	Pierce Strider
mbs	Piston Sledge
mbs	Plague Myr
mbs	Psychosis Crawler
mbs	Razorfield Rhino
mbs	Rusted Slasher
mbs	Shimmer Myr
mbs	Master's Call
mbs	Shriekhorn
mbs	Signal Pest
mbs	Silverskin Armor
mbs	Skinwing
mbs	Sphere of the Suns
mbs	Spin Engine
mbs	Spine of Ish Sah
mbs	Strandwalker
mbs	Sword of Feast and Famine
mbs	Tangle Hulk
mbs	Mirran Crusader
mbs	Thopter Assembly
mbs	Titan Forge
mbs	Training Drone
mbs	Viridian Claw
mbs	Contested War Zone
mbs	Inkmoth Nexus
mbs	Plains
mbs	Plains
mbs	Island
mbs	Island
mbs	Phyrexian Rebirth
mbs	Swamp
mbs	Swamp
mbs	Mountain
mbs	Mountain
mbs	Forest
mbs	Forest
mbs	Priests of Norn
mbs	Tine Shrike
mbs	Victory's Herald
mbs	White Sun's Zenith
mbs	Ardent Recruit
mbs	Blue Sun's Zenith
mbs	Consecrated Sphinx
mbs	Corrupted Conscience
mbs	Cryptoplasm
mbs	Distant Memories
mbs	Fuel for the Cause
mbs	Mirran Spy
mbs	Mitotic Manipulation
mbs	Neurok Commando
mbs	Oculus
mbs	Banishment Decree
mbs	Quicksilver Geyser
mbs	Serum Raker
mbs	Spire Serpent
mbs	Steel Sabotage
mbs	Treasure Mage
mbs	Turn the Tide
mbs	Vedalken Anatomist
mbs	Vedalken Infuser
mbs	Vivisection
mbs	Black Sun's Zenith
mbs	Choking Fumes
mbs	Caustic Hound
mbs	Flensermite
mbs	Flesh-Eater Imp
mbs	Go for the Throat
mbs	Gruesome Encore
mbs	Horrifying Revelation
mbs	Massacre Wurm
mbs	Morbid Plunder
mbs	Nested Ghoul
mbs	Phyresis
mbs	Divine Offering
mbs	Phyrexian Crusader
mbs	Phyrexian Rager
mbs	Phyrexian Vatmother
mbs	Sangromancer
mbs	Scourge Servant
mbs	Septic Rats
mbs	Spread the Sickness
mbs	Virulent Wound
mbs	Blisterstick Shaman
mbs	Burn the Impure
mbs	Frantic Salvage
mbs	Concussive Bolt
mbs	Crush
mbs	Galvanoth
mbs	Gnathosaur
mbs	Goblin Wardriver
mbs	Hellkite Igniter
mbs	Hero of Oxid Ridge
mbs	Into the Core
mbs	Koth's Courier
mbs	Kuldotha Flamefiend
mbs	Gore Vassal
mbs	Kuldotha Ringleader
mbs	Metallic Mastery
mbs	Ogre Resister
mbs	Rally the Forces
mbs	Red Sun's Zenith
mbs	Slagstorm
mbs	Spiraling Duelist
mbs	Blightwidow
mbs	Creeping Corrosion
mbs	Fangren Marauder
mbs	Hero of Bladehold
mbs	Glissa's Courier
mbs	Green Sun's Zenith
mbs	Lead the Stampede
mbs	Melira's Keepers
mbs	Mirran Mettle
mbs	Phyrexian Hydra
mbs	Pistus Strike
mbs	Plaguemaw Beast
mbs	Praetor's Counsel
mbs	Quilled Slagwurm
mbs	Kemba's Legion
mbs	Rot Wolf
mbs	Tangle Mantis
mbs	Thrun, the Last Troll
mbs	Unnatural Predation
mbs	Viridian Corrupter
mbs	Viridian Emissary
mbs	Glissa, the Traitor
mbs	Tezzeret, Agent of Bolas
mbs	Bladed Sentinel
mbs	Blightsteel Colossus
mma	Adarkar Valkyrie
mma	Cloudgoat Ranger
mma	Syphon Life
mma	Thieving Sprite
mma	Tombstalker
mma	Warren Pilferers
mma	Warren Weirding
mma	Blind-Spot Giant
mma	Blood Moon
mma	Brute Force
mma	Countryside Crusher
mma	Crush Underfoot
mma	Court Homunculus
mma	Desperate Ritual
mma	Dragonstorm
mma	Empty the Warrens
mma	Fiery Fall
mma	Fury Charm
mma	Glacial Ray
mma	Grapeshot
mma	Greater Gargadon
mma	Grinning Ignus
mma	Hammerheim Deadeye
mma	Dispeller's Capsule
mma	Kiki-Jiki, Mirror Breaker
mma	Lava Spike
mma	Mogg War Marshal
mma	Molten Disaster
mma	Pardic Dragon
mma	Pyromancer's Swath
mma	Rift Bolt
mma	Rift Elemental
mma	Ryusei, the Falling Star
mma	Shrapnel Blast
mma	Elspeth, Knight-Errant
mma	Squee, Goblin Nabob
mma	Stingscourger
mma	Stinkdrinker Daredevil
mma	Sudden Shock
mma	Tar Pitcher
mma	Thundercloud Shaman
mma	Thundering Giant
mma	Torrent of Stone
mma	Tribal Flames
mma	War-Spike Changeling
mma	Ethersworn Canonist
mma	Citanul Woodreaders
mma	Doubling Season
mma	Durkwood Baloth
mma	Echoing Courage
mma	Eternal Witness
mma	Giant Dustwasp
mma	Greater Mossdog
mma	Hana Kami
mma	Imperiosaur
mma	Incremental Growth
mma	Feudkiller's Verdict
mma	Jugan, the Rising Star
mma	Kodama's Reach
mma	Krosan Grip
mma	Life from the Loam
mma	Masked Admirers
mma	Moldervine Cloak
mma	Nantuko Shaman
mma	Penumbra Spider
mma	Reach of Branches
mma	Riftsweeper
mma	Flickerwisp
mma	Rude Awakening
mma	Search for Tomorrow
mma	Sporesower Thallid
mma	Sporoloth Ancient
mma	Summoner's Pact
mma	Sylvan Bounty
mma	Tarmogoyf
mma	Thallid
mma	Thallid Germinator
mma	Thallid Shell-Dweller
mma	Gleam of Resistance
mma	Tooth and Nail
mma	Tromp the Domains
mma	Verdeloth the Ancient
mma	Walker of the Grove
mma	Woodfall Primus
mma	Electrolyze
mma	Grand Arbiter Augustin IV
mma	Jhoira of the Ghitu
mma	Knight of the Reliquary
mma	Lightning Helix
mma	Hillcomber Giant
mma	Maelstrom Pulse
mma	Mind Funeral
mma	Progenitus
mma	Sarkhan Vol
mma	Tidehollow Sculler
mma	Trygon Predator
mma	Cold-Eyed Selkie
mma	Demigod of Revenge
mma	Divinity of Pride
mma	Figure of Destiny
mma	Ivory Giant
mma	Kitchen Finks
mma	Manamorphose
mma	Murderous Redcap
mma	Oona, Queen of the Fae
mma	Plumeveil
mma	Worm Harvest
mma	Aether Spellbomb
mma	Aether Vial
mma	Arcbound Ravager
mma	Arcbound Stinger
mma	Amrou Scout
mma	Kataki, War's Wage
mma	Arcbound Wanderer
mma	Arcbound Worker
mma	Bonesplitter
mma	Chalice of the Void
mma	Engineered Explosives
mma	Epochrasite
mma	Etched Oracle
mma	Frogmite
mma	Lotus Bloom
mma	Myr Enforcer
mma	Kithkin Greatheart
mma	Myr Retriever
mma	Paradise Mantle
mma	Pyrite Spellbomb
mma	Relic of Progenitus
mma	Runed Stalactite
mma	Skyreach Manta
mma	Sword of Fire and Ice
mma	Sword of Light and Shadow
mma	Vedalken Shackles
mma	Academy Ruins
mma	Meadowboon
mma	Blinkmoth Nexus
mma	City of Brass
mma	Dakmor Salvage
mma	Glimmervoid
mma	Terramorphic Expanse
mma	Vivid Crag
mma	Vivid Creek
mma	Vivid Grove
mma	Vivid Marsh
mma	Vivid Meadow
mma	Otherworldly Journey
mma	Pallid Mycoderm
mma	Path to Exile
mma	Reveillark
mma	Saltfield Recluse
mma	Sanctum Gargoyle
mma	Sandsower
mma	Amrou Seekers
mma	Stir the Pride
mma	Stonehewer Giant
mma	Terashi's Grasp
mma	Test of Faith
mma	Veteran Armorer
mma	Yosei, the Morning Star
mma	Aethersnipe
mma	Careful Consideration
mma	Cryptic Command
mma	Dampen Thought
mma	Angel's Grace
mma	Echoing Truth
mma	Errant Ephemeron
mma	Erratic Mutation
mma	Esperzoa
mma	Etherium Sculptor
mma	Faerie Mechanist
mma	Gifts Ungiven
mma	Glen Elendra Archmage
mma	Keiga, the Tide Star
mma	Kira, Great Glass-Spinner
mma	Auriok Salvagers
mma	Latchkey Faerie
mma	Logic Knot
mma	Meloku the Clouded Mirror
mma	Mothdust Changeling
mma	Mulldrifter
mma	Narcomoeba
mma	Pact of Negation
mma	Peer Through Depths
mma	Perilous Research
mma	Pestermite
mma	Avian Changeling
mma	Petals of Insight
mma	Reach Through Mists
mma	Riftwing Cloudskate
mma	Scion of Oona
mma	Spell Snare
mma	Spellstutter Sprite
mma	Take Possession
mma	Thirst for Knowledge
mma	Traumatic Visions
mma	Vedalken Dismisser
mma	Blinding Beam
mma	Vendilion Clique
mma	Absorb Vis
mma	Auntie's Snitch
mma	Blightspeaker
mma	Bridge from Below
mma	Dark Confidant
mma	Death Cloud
mma	Death Denied
mma	Death Rattle
mma	Deepcavern Imp
mma	Bound in Silence
mma	Drag Down
mma	Dreamspoiler Witches
mma	Earwig Squad
mma	Executioner's Capsule
mma	Extirpate
mma	Facevaulter
mma	Faerie Macabre
mma	Festering Goblin
mma	Horobi's Whisper
mma	Kokusho, the Evening Star
mma	Cenn's Enlistment
mma	Mad Auntie
mma	Marsh Flitter
mma	Peppersmoke
mma	Phthisis
mma	Rathi Trapper
mma	Raven's Crime
mma	Skeletal Vampire
mma	Slaughter Pact
mma	Stinkweed Imp
mma	Street Wraith
mm2	All Is Dust
mm2	Battlegrace Angel
mm2	Thief of Hope
mm2	Vampire Lacerator
mm2	Vampire Outcasts
mm2	Waking Nightmare
mm2	Banefire
mm2	Blades of Velis Vel
mm2	Blood Ogre
mm2	Bloodshot Trainee
mm2	Brute Force
mm2	Burst Lightning
mm2	Celestial Purge
mm2	Combust
mm2	Comet Storm
mm2	Dragonsoul Knight
mm2	Fiery Fall
mm2	Goblin Fireslinger
mm2	Goblin War Paint
mm2	Gorehorn Minotaurs
mm2	Gut Shot
mm2	Hellkite Charger
mm2	Incandescent Soulstoke
mm2	Conclave Phalanx
mm2	Inner-Flame Igniter
mm2	Kiki-Jiki, Mirror Breaker
mm2	Lightning Bolt
mm2	Skarrgan Firebird
mm2	Smash to Smithereens
mm2	Smokebraider
mm2	Soulbright Flamekin
mm2	Spikeshot Elder
mm2	Spitebellows
mm2	Splinter Twin
mm2	Court Homunculus
mm2	Stormblood Berserker
mm2	Thunderblust
mm2	Tribal Flames
mm2	Viashino Slaughtermaster
mm2	Wildfire
mm2	Worldheart Phoenix
mm2	Wrap in Flames
mm2	Algae Gharial
mm2	All Suns' Dawn
mm2	Ant Queen
mm2	Daybreak Coronet
mm2	Aquastrand Spider
mm2	Bestial Menace
mm2	Commune with Nature
mm2	Cytoplast Root-Kin
mm2	Gnarlid Pack
mm2	Karplusan Strider
mm2	Kavu Primarch
mm2	Kozilek's Predator
mm2	Matca Rioters
mm2	Mutagenic Growth
mm2	Dispatch
mm2	Nest Invader
mm2	Noble Hierarch
mm2	Overwhelm
mm2	Overwhelming Stampede
mm2	Pelakka Wurm
mm2	Plummet
mm2	Primeval Titan
mm2	Rampant Growth
mm2	Root-Kin Ally
mm2	Scatter the Seeds
mm2	Elesh Norn, Grand Cenobite
mm2	Scion of the Wild
mm2	Scute Mob
mm2	Simic Initiate
mm2	Sundering Vitae
mm2	Sylvan Bounty
mm2	Tarmogoyf
mm2	Thrive
mm2	Tukatongue Thallid
mm2	Vines of Vastwood
mm2	Wolfbriar Elemental
mm2	Fortify
mm2	Agony Warp
mm2	Apocalypse Hydra
mm2	Boros Swiftblade
mm2	Drooling Groodion
mm2	Electrolyze
mm2	Ethercaste Knight
mm2	Ghost Council of Orzhova
mm2	Glassdust Hulk
mm2	Horde of Notions
mm2	Lorescale Coatl
mm2	Hikari, Twilight Guardian
mm2	Mystic Snake
mm2	Necrogenesis
mm2	Niv-Mizzet, the Firemind
mm2	Pillory of the Sleepless
mm2	Plaxcaster Frogling
mm2	Savage Twister
mm2	Shadowmage Infiltrator
mm2	Sigil Blessing
mm2	Vengeful Rebirth
mm2	Wrecking Ball
mm2	Indomitable Archangel
mm2	Ashenmoor Gouger
mm2	Creakwood Liege
mm2	Dimir Guildmage
mm2	Fulminator Mage
mm2	Hearthfire Hobgoblin
mm2	Nobilis of War
mm2	Restless Apparition
mm2	Selesnya Guildmage
mm2	Shrewd Hatchling
mm2	Swans of Bryn Argoll
mm2	Artisan of Kozilek
mm2	Iona, Shield of Emeria
mm2	Wilt-Leaf Liege
mm2	Alloy Myr
mm2	Blinding Souleater
mm2	Cathodion
mm2	Chimeric Mass
mm2	Copper Carapace
mm2	Cranial Plating
mm2	Culling Dais
mm2	Darksteel Axe
mm2	Etched Champion
mm2	Kami of Ancient Law
mm2	Etched Monstrosity
mm2	Etched Oracle
mm2	Everflowing Chalice
mm2	Expedition Map
mm2	Flayer Husk
mm2	Frogmite
mm2	Glint Hawk Idol
mm2	Gust-Skimmer
mm2	Kitesail
mm2	Lodestone Golem
mm2	Kor Duelist
mm2	Lodestone Myr
mm2	Long-Forgotten Gohei
mm2	Mortarpod
mm2	Mox Opal
mm2	Myr Enforcer
mm2	Precursor Golem
mm2	Runed Servitor
mm2	Rusted Relic
mm2	Sickleslicer
mm2	Skyreach Manta
mm2	Leyline of Sanctity
mm2	Spellskite
mm2	Sphere of the Suns
mm2	Sunforger
mm2	Tumble Magnet
mm2	Wayfarer's Bauble
mm2	Azorius Chancery
mm2	Blinkmoth Nexus
mm2	Boros Garrison
mm2	Darksteel Citadel
mm2	Dimir Aqueduct
mm2	Mighty Leap
mm2	Eldrazi Temple
mm2	Evolving Wilds
mm2	Eye of Ugin
mm2	Golgari Rot Farm
mm2	Gruul Turf
mm2	Izzet Boilerworks
mm2	Orzhov Basilica
mm2	Rakdos Carnarium
mm2	Selesnya Sanctuary
mm2	Simic Growth Chamber
mm2	Mirran Crusader
mm2	Mirror Entity
mm2	Moonlit Strider
mm2	Myrsmith
mm2	Oblivion Ring
mm2	Emrakul, the Aeons Torn
mm2	Otherworldly Journey
mm2	Raise the Alarm
mm2	Skyhunter Skirmisher
mm2	Spectral Procession
mm2	Sunlance
mm2	Sunspear Shikari
mm2	Taj-Nar Swordsmith
mm2	Terashi's Grasp
mm2	Waxmane Baku
mm2	Aethersnipe
mm2	Karn Liberated
mm2	Air Servant
mm2	Argent Sphinx
mm2	Cloud Elemental
mm2	Cryptic Command
mm2	Faerie Mechanist
mm2	Flashfreeze
mm2	Guile
mm2	Helium Squirter
mm2	Hurkyl's Recall
mm2	Inexorable Tide
mm2	Kozilek, Butcher of Truth
mm2	Mana Leak
mm2	Mulldrifter
mm2	Narcolepsy
mm2	Novijen Sages
mm2	Qumulox
mm2	Remand
mm2	Repeal
mm2	Somber Hoverguard
mm2	Steady Progress
mm2	Stoic Rebuttal
mm2	Ulamog, the Infinite Gyre
mm2	Surrakar Spellblade
mm2	Telling Time
mm2	Tezzeret the Seeker
mm2	Tezzeret's Gambit
mm2	Thoughtcast
mm2	Thrummingbird
mm2	Vapor Snag
mm2	Vendilion Clique
mm2	Vigean Graftmage
mm2	Water Servant
mm2	Ulamog's Crusher
mm2	Wings of Velis Vel
mm2	Bitterblossom
mm2	Bloodthrone Vampire
mm2	Bone Splinters
mm2	Daggerclaw Imp
mm2	Dark Confidant
mm2	Death Denied
mm2	Deathmark
mm2	Devouring Greed
mm2	Dismember
mm2	Apostle's Blessing
mm2	Dread Drone
mm2	Duskhunter Bat
mm2	Endrek Sahr, Master Breeder
mm2	Ghostly Changeling
mm2	Grim Affliction
mm2	Instill Infection
mm2	Midnight Banshee
mm2	Nameless Inversion
mm2	Necroskitter
mm2	Plagued Rusalka
mm2	Arrest
mm2	Profane Command
mm2	Puppeteer Clique
mm2	Reassembling Skeleton
mm2	Scavenger Drake
mm2	Scuttling Death
mm2	Shrivel
mm2	Sickle Ripper
mm2	Sign in Blood
mm2	Spread the Sickness
mm2	Surgical Extraction
mor	Ballyrush Banneret
mor	Forfend
mor	Roar of the Crowd
mor	Seething Pathblazer
mor	Sensation Gorger
mor	Shard Volley
mor	Shared Animosity
mor	Spitebellows
mor	Stingmoggie
mor	Stomping Slabs
mor	Sunflare Shaman
mor	Taurean Mauler
mor	Graceful Reprieve
mor	Titan's Revenge
mor	Vengeful Firebrand
mor	War-Spike Changeling
mor	Ambassador Oak
mor	Bosk Banneret
mor	Bramblewood Paragon
mor	Chameleon Colossus
mor	Cream of the Crop
mor	Deglamer
mor	Earthbrawn
mor	Idyllic Tutor
mor	Elvish Warrior
mor	Everbark Shaman
mor	Fertilid
mor	Game-Trail Changeling
mor	Gilt-Leaf Archdruid
mor	Greatbow Doyen
mor	Heritage Druid
mor	Hunting Triad
mor	Leaf-Crowned Elder
mor	Luminescent Rain
mor	Indomitable Ancients
mor	Lys Alana Bowmaster
mor	Orchard Warden
mor	Reach of Branches
mor	Recross the Paths
mor	Reins of the Vinesteed
mor	Rhys the Exiled
mor	Scapeshift
mor	Unstoppable Ash
mor	Walker of the Grove
mor	Winnower Patrol
mor	Kinsbaile Borderguard
mor	Wolf-Skull Shaman
mor	Cloak and Dagger
mor	Diviner's Wand
mor	Door of Destinies
mor	Obsidian Battle-Axe
mor	Thornbite Staff
mor	Veteran's Armaments
mor	Murmuring Bosk
mor	Mutavault
mor	Primal Beyond
mor	Kinsbaile Cavalier
mor	Rustic Clachan
mor	Kithkin Zephyrnaut
mor	Meadowboon
mor	Mosquito Guard
mor	Order of the Golden Cricket
mor	Battletide Alchemist
mor	Preeminent Captain
mor	Redeem the Lost
mor	Reveillark
mor	Shinewend
mor	Stonehewer Giant
mor	Stonybrook Schoolmaster
mor	Swell of Courage
mor	Wandering Graybeard
mor	Weight of Conscience
mor	Declaration of Naught
mor	Burrenton Bombardier
mor	Dewdrop Spy
mor	Disperse
mor	Distant Melody
mor	Fencer Clique
mor	Floodchaser
mor	Grimoire Thief
mor	Ink Dissolver
mor	Inspired Sprite
mor	Knowledge Exploitation
mor	Latchkey Faerie
mor	Burrenton Shield-Bearers
mor	Merrow Witsniper
mor	Mind Spring
mor	Mothdust Changeling
mor	Negate
mor	Nevermaker
mor	Notorious Throng
mor	Research the Deep
mor	Sage of Fables
mor	Sage's Dousing
mor	Sigil Tracer
mor	Cenn's Tactician
mor	Slithermuse
mor	Stonybrook Banneret
mor	Stream of Unconsciousness
mor	Supreme Exemplar
mor	Thieves' Fortune
mor	Vendilion Clique
mor	Waterspout Weavers
mor	Auntie's Snitch
mor	Bitterblossom
mor	Blightsoil Druid
mor	Changeling Sentinel
mor	Earwig Squad
mor	Fendeep Summoner
mor	Festercreep
mor	Final-Sting Faerie
mor	Frogtosser Banneret
mor	Maralen of the Mornsong
mor	Mind Shatter
mor	Moonglove Changeling
mor	Morsel Theft
mor	Nightshade Schemers
mor	Coordinated Barrage
mor	Noggin Whack
mor	Offalsnout
mor	Oona's Blackguard
mor	Pack's Disdain
mor	Prickly Boggart
mor	Pulling Teeth
mor	Revive the Fallen
mor	Scarblade Elite
mor	Squeaking Pie Grubfellows
mor	Stenchskipper
mor	Daily Regimen
mor	Stinkdrinker Bandit
mor	Violet Pall
mor	Warren Weirding
mor	Weed-Pruner Poplar
mor	Weirding Shaman
mor	Boldwyr Heavyweights
mor	Boldwyr Intimidator
mor	Borderland Behemoth
mor	Brighthearth Banneret
mor	Countryside Crusher
mor	Feudkiller's Verdict
mor	Fire Juggler
mor	Hostile Realm
mor	Kindled Fury
mor	Lightning Crafter
mor	Lunk Errant
mor	Mudbutton Clanger
mor	Pyroclast Consul
mor	Rage Forger
mor	Release the Ants
mor	Rivals' Duel
nem	Angelic Favor
nem	Lawbringer
nem	Stronghold Gambit
nem	Animate Land
nem	Blastoderm
nem	Coiling Woodworm
nem	Fog Patch
nem	Harvest Mage
nem	Mossdog
nem	Nesting Wurm
nem	Overlaid Terrain
nem	Pack Hunt
nem	Lightbringer
nem	Refreshing Rain
nem	Reverent Silence
nem	Rhox
nem	Saproling Burst
nem	Saproling Cluster
nem	Seal of Strength
nem	Skyshroud Behemoth
nem	Skyshroud Claim
nem	Skyshroud Cutter
nem	Skyshroud Poacher
nem	Lin Sivvi, Defiant Hero
nem	Skyshroud Ridgeback
nem	Skyshroud Sentinel
nem	Stampede Driver
nem	Treetop Bracers
nem	Wild Mammoth
nem	Woodripper
nem	Belbe's Armor
nem	Belbe's Portal
nem	Complex Automaton
nem	Eye of Yawgmoth
nem	Netter en-Dal
nem	Flint Golem
nem	Flowstone Armor
nem	Flowstone Thopter
nem	Kill Switch
nem	Parallax Inhibitor
nem	Predator, Flagship
nem	Rackling
nem	Rejuvenation Chamber
nem	Rusting Golem
nem	Tangle Wire
nem	Noble Stand
nem	Viseling
nem	Kor Haven
nem	Rath's Edge
nem	Terrain Generator
nem	Off Balance
nem	Oracle's Attendants
nem	Parallax Wave
nem	Seal of Cleansing
nem	Silkenfist Fighter
nem	Avenger en-Dal
nem	Silkenfist Order
nem	Sivvi's Ruse
nem	Sivvi's Valor
nem	Spiritual Asylum
nem	Topple
nem	Voice of Truth
nem	Accumulated Knowledge
nem	Aether Barrier
nem	Air Bladder
nem	Cloudskate
nem	Blinding Angel
nem	Daze
nem	Dominate
nem	Ensnare
nem	Infiltrate
nem	Jolting Merfolk
nem	Oraxid
nem	Pale Moon
nem	Parallax Tide
nem	Rising Waters
nem	Rootwater Commando
nem	Chieftain en-Dal
nem	Rootwater Thief
nem	Seahunter
nem	Seal of Removal
nem	Sliptide Serpent
nem	Sneaky Homunculus
nem	Stronghold Biologist
nem	Stronghold Machinist
nem	Stronghold Zeppelin
nem	Submerge
nem	Trickster Mage
nem	Defender en-Vec
nem	Wandering Eye
nem	Ascendant Evincar
nem	Battlefield Percher
nem	Belbe's Percher
nem	Carrion Wall
nem	Dark Triumph
nem	Death Pit Offering
nem	Divining Witch
nem	Massacre
nem	Mind Slash
nem	Defiant Falcon
nem	Mind Swords
nem	Murderous Betrayal
nem	Parallax Dementia
nem	Parallax Nexus
nem	Phyrexian Driver
nem	Phyrexian Prowler
nem	Plague Witch
nem	Rathi Assassin
nem	Rathi Fiend
nem	Rathi Intimidator
nem	Defiant Vanguard
nem	Seal of Doom
nem	Spineless Thug
nem	Spiteful Bully
nem	Stronghold Discipline
nem	Vicious Hunger
nem	Volrath the Fallen
nem	Ancient Hydra
nem	Arc Mage
nem	Bola Warrior
nem	Downhill Charge
nem	Fanatical Devotion
nem	Flame Rift
nem	Flowstone Crusher
nem	Flowstone Overseer
nem	Flowstone Slide
nem	Flowstone Strike
nem	Flowstone Surge
nem	Flowstone Wall
nem	Laccolith Grunt
nem	Laccolith Rig
nem	Laccolith Titan
nem	Lashknife
nem	Laccolith Warrior
nem	Laccolith Whelp
nem	Mana Cache
nem	Mogg Alarm
nem	Mogg Salvage
nem	Mogg Toady
nem	Moggcatcher
nem	Rupture
nem	Seal of Fire
nem	Shrieking Mogg
nph	Karn Liberated
nph	Exclusion Ritual
nph	Volt Charge
nph	Vulshok Refugee
nph	Whipflare
nph	Beast Within
nph	Birthing Pod
nph	Brutalizer Exarch
nph	Chancellor of the Tangle
nph	Corrosive Gale
nph	Death-Hood Cobra
nph	Fresh Meat
nph	Forced Worship
nph	Glissa's Scorn
nph	Glistener Elf
nph	Greenhilt Trainee
nph	Leeching Bite
nph	Maul Splicer
nph	Melira, Sylvok Outcast
nph	Mutagenic Growth
nph	Mycosynth Fiend
nph	Noxious Revival
nph	Phyrexian Swarmlord
nph	Inquisitor Exarch
nph	Rotted Hystrix
nph	Spinebiter
nph	Thundering Tanadon
nph	Triumph of the Hordes
nph	Viridian Betrayers
nph	Viridian Harvest
nph	Vital Splicer
nph	Vorinclex, Voice of Hunger
nph	Jor Kadeen, the Prevailer
nph	Alloy Myr
nph	Lost Leonin
nph	Batterskull
nph	Blinding Souleater
nph	Caged Sun
nph	Conversion Chamber
nph	Darksteel Relic
nph	Etched Monstrosity
nph	Gremlin Mine
nph	Hex Parasite
nph	Hovermyr
nph	Immolating Souleater
nph	Loxodon Convert
nph	Insatiable Souleater
nph	Isolation Cell
nph	Kiln Walker
nph	Lashwrithe
nph	Mindcrank
nph	Mycosynth Wellspring
nph	Myr Superion
nph	Necropouncer
nph	Omen Machine
nph	Pestilent Souleater
nph	Marrow Shards
nph	Phyrexian Hulk
nph	Pristine Talisman
nph	Shrine of Boundless Growth
nph	Shrine of Burning Rage
nph	Shrine of Limitless Power
nph	Shrine of Loyal Legions
nph	Shrine of Piercing Vision
nph	Sickleslicer
nph	Soul Conduit
nph	Spellskite
nph	Master Splicer
nph	Surge Node
nph	Sword of War and Peace
nph	Torpor Orb
nph	Trespassing Souleater
nph	Unwinding Clock
nph	Phyrexia's Core
nph	Plains
nph	Plains
nph	Island
nph	Island
nph	Norn's Annex
nph	Swamp
nph	Swamp
nph	Mountain
nph	Mountain
nph	Forest
nph	Forest
nph	Phyrexian Unlife
nph	Porcelain Legionnaire
nph	Apostle's Blessing
nph	Puresteel Paladin
nph	Remember the Fallen
nph	Sensor Splicer
nph	Shattered Angel
nph	Shriek Raptor
nph	Suture Priest
nph	War Report
nph	Argent Mutation
nph	Arm with Aether
nph	Blighted Agent
nph	Auriok Survivors
nph	Chained Throatseeker
nph	Chancellor of the Spires
nph	Corrupted Resolve
nph	Deceiver Exarch
nph	Defensive Stance
nph	Gitaxian Probe
nph	Impaler Shrike
nph	Jin-Gitaxias, Core Augur
nph	Mental Misstep
nph	Mindculling
nph	Blade Splicer
nph	Numbing Dose
nph	Phyrexian Ingester
nph	Phyrexian Metamorph
nph	Psychic Barrier
nph	Psychic Surgery
nph	Spined Thopter
nph	Spire Monitor
nph	Tezzeret's Gambit
nph	Vapor Snag
nph	Viral Drake
nph	Cathedral Membrane
nph	Wing Splicer
nph	Xenograft
nph	Blind Zealot
nph	Caress of Phyrexia
nph	Chancellor of the Dross
nph	Dementia Bat
nph	Despise
nph	Dismember
nph	Enslave
nph	Entomber Exarch
nph	Chancellor of the Annex
nph	Evil Presence
nph	Geth's Verdict
nph	Glistening Oil
nph	Grim Affliction
nph	Ichor Explosion
nph	Life's Finale
nph	Mortis Dogs
nph	Parasitic Implant
nph	Phyrexian Obliterator
nph	Pith Driller
nph	Dispatch
nph	Postmortem Lunge
nph	Praetor's Grasp
nph	Reaper of Sheoldred
nph	Sheoldred, Whispering One
nph	Surgical Extraction
nph	Toxic Nim
nph	Vault Skirge
nph	Whispering Specter
nph	Act of Aggression
nph	Artillerize
nph	Due Respect
nph	Bludgeon Brawl
nph	Chancellor of the Forge
nph	Fallen Ferromancer
nph	Flameborn Viron
nph	Furnace Scamp
nph	Geosurge
nph	Gut Shot
nph	Invader Parasite
nph	Moltensteel Dragon
nph	Ogre Menial
nph	Elesh Norn, Grand Cenobite
nph	Priest of Urabrask
nph	Rage Extractor
nph	Razor Swine
nph	Ruthless Invasion
nph	Scrapyard Salvo
nph	Slag Fiend
nph	Slash Panther
nph	Tormentor Exarch
nph	Urabrask the Hidden
nph	Victorious Destruction
9ed	Angel of Mercy
9ed	Eager Cadet
9ed	Circle of Protection: Black
9ed	Spined Wurm
9ed	Storm Crow
9ed	Telepathy
9ed	Temporal Adept
9ed	Thieving Magpie
9ed	Thought Courier
9ed	Tidal Kraken
9ed	Tidings
9ed	Time Ebb
9ed	Trade Routes
9ed	Traumatize
9ed	Circle of Protection: Red
9ed	Treasure Trove
9ed	Wanderguard Sentry
9ed	Wind Drake
9ed	Withering Gaze
9ed	Zur's Weirding
9ed	Blackmail
9ed	Bog Imp
9ed	Bog Wraith
9ed	Coercion
9ed	Consume Spirit
9ed	Crossbow Infantry
9ed	Contaminated Bond
9ed	Cruel Edict
9ed	Dark Banishing
9ed	Death Pits of Rath
9ed	Deathgazer
9ed	Diabolic Tutor
9ed	Drudge Skeletons
9ed	Enfeeblement
9ed	Execute
9ed	Fear
9ed	Demystify
9ed	Festering Goblin
9ed	Final Punishment
9ed	Foul Imp
9ed	Giant Cockroach
9ed	Gluttonous Zombie
9ed	Grave Pact
9ed	Gravedigger
9ed	Hell's Caretaker
9ed	Highway Robber
9ed	Hollow Dogs
9ed	Foot Soldiers
9ed	Horror of Horrors
9ed	Hypnotic Specter
9ed	Looming Shade
9ed	Lord of the Undead
9ed	Megrim
9ed	Mind Rot
9ed	Mindslicer
9ed	Mortivore
9ed	Nantuko Husk
9ed	Nekrataal
9ed	Gift of Estates
9ed	Nightmare
9ed	Persecute
9ed	Phyrexian Arena
9ed	Phyrexian Gargantua
9ed	Plague Beetle
9ed	Plague Wind
9ed	Raise Dead
9ed	Ravenous Rats
9ed	Razortooth Rats
9ed	Royal Assassin
9ed	Glorious Anthem
9ed	Scathe Zombies
9ed	Sengir Vampire
9ed	Serpent Warrior
9ed	Slay
9ed	Soul Feast
9ed	Spineless Thug
9ed	Swarm of Rats
9ed	Underworld Dreams
9ed	Unholy Strength
9ed	Will-o'-the-Wisp
9ed	Glory Seeker
9ed	Yawgmoth Demon
9ed	Zombify
9ed	Anaba Shaman
9ed	Anarchist
9ed	Balduvian Barbarians
9ed	Blaze
9ed	Blood Moon
9ed	Bloodfire Colossus
9ed	Boiling Seas
9ed	Demolish
9ed	Holy Day
9ed	Enrage
9ed	Firebreathing
9ed	Flame Wave
9ed	Flashfires
9ed	Flowstone Crusher
9ed	Flowstone Shambler
9ed	Flowstone Slide
9ed	Form of the Dragon
9ed	Furnace of Rath
9ed	Goblin Balloon Brigade
9ed	Holy Strength
9ed	Goblin Brigand
9ed	Goblin Chariot
9ed	Goblin King
9ed	Goblin Mountaineer
9ed	Goblin Piker
9ed	Goblin Sky Raider
9ed	Guerrilla Tactics
9ed	Hill Giant
9ed	Karplusan Yeti
9ed	Kird Ape
9ed	Vengeance
9ed	Angelic Blessing
9ed	Honor Guard
9ed	Lava Axe
9ed	Lightning Elemental
9ed	Magnivore
9ed	Mana Clash
9ed	Mogg Sentry
9ed	Ogre Taskmaster
9ed	Orcish Artillery
9ed	Panic Attack
9ed	Pyroclasm
9ed	Raging Goblin
9ed	Infantry Veteran
9ed	Rathi Dragon
9ed	Reflexes
9ed	Relentless Assault
9ed	Rogue Kavu
9ed	Rukh Egg
9ed	Sandstone Warrior
9ed	Seething Song
9ed	Shard Phoenix
9ed	Shatter
9ed	Shivan Dragon
9ed	Inspirit
9ed	Shock
9ed	Stone Rain
9ed	Sudden Impact
9ed	Threaten
9ed	Thundermare
9ed	Viashino Sandstalker
9ed	Volcanic Hammer
9ed	Whip Sergeant
9ed	Wildfire
9ed	Anaconda
9ed	Ivory Mask
9ed	Ancient Silverback
9ed	Biorhythm
9ed	Blanchwood Armor
9ed	Craw Wurm
9ed	Creeping Mold
9ed	Early Harvest
9ed	Elvish Bard
9ed	Elvish Berserker
9ed	Elvish Champion
9ed	Elvish Piper
9ed	Kami of Old Stone
9ed	Elvish Warrior
9ed	Emperor Crocodile
9ed	Force of Nature
9ed	Giant Growth
9ed	Giant Spider
9ed	Greater Good
9ed	Grizzly Bears
9ed	Groundskeeper
9ed	Hunted Wumpus
9ed	Kavu Climber
9ed	Leonin Skyhunter
9ed	King Cheetah
9ed	Ley Druid
9ed	Llanowar Behemoth
9ed	Llanowar Elves
9ed	Maro
9ed	Might of Oaks
9ed	Natural Affinity
9ed	Natural Spring
9ed	Naturalize
9ed	Needle Storm
9ed	Marble Titan
9ed	Norwood Ranger
9ed	Order of the Sacred Bell
9ed	Overgrowth
9ed	Rampant Growth
9ed	Reclaim
9ed	Regeneration
9ed	River Bear
9ed	Rootbreaker Wurm
9ed	Rootwalla
9ed	Scaled Wurm
9ed	Master Decoy
9ed	Seedborn Muse
9ed	Silklash Spider
9ed	Stream of Life
9ed	Summer Bloom
9ed	Trained Armodon
9ed	Tree Monkey
9ed	Treetop Bracers
9ed	Utopia Tree
9ed	Verdant Force
9ed	Verduran Enchantress
9ed	Master Healer
9ed	Viridian Shaman
9ed	Web
9ed	Weird Harvest
9ed	Wood Elves
9ed	Yavimaya Enchantress
9ed	Zodiac Monkey
9ed	Aladdin's Ring
9ed	Angel's Feather
9ed	Beast of Burden
9ed	Booby Trap
9ed	Mending Hands
9ed	Bottle Gnomes
9ed	Coat of Arms
9ed	Dancing Scimitar
9ed	Defense Grid
9ed	Demon's Horn
9ed	Disrupting Scepter
9ed	Dragon's Claw
9ed	Fellwar Stone
9ed	Howling Mine
9ed	Icy Manipulator
9ed	Coral Eel
9ed	Aven Cloudchaser
9ed	Oracle's Attendants
9ed	Jade Statue
9ed	Jester's Cap
9ed	Kraken's Eye
9ed	Loxodon Warhammer
9ed	Millstone
9ed	Ornithopter
9ed	Phyrexian Hulk
9ed	Rod of Ruin
9ed	Slate of Ancestry
9ed	Spellbook
9ed	Pacifism
9ed	Storage Matrix
9ed	Tanglebloom
9ed	Teferi's Puzzle Box
9ed	Thran Golem
9ed	Ur-Golem's Eye
9ed	Vulshok Morningstar
9ed	Wurm's Tooth
9ed	Adarkar Wastes
9ed	Battlefield Forge
9ed	Brushland
9ed	Paladin en-Vec
9ed	Caves of Koilos
9ed	Karplusan Forest
9ed	Llanowar Wastes
9ed	Quicksand
9ed	Shivan Reef
9ed	Sulfurous Springs
9ed	Underground River
9ed	Urza's Mine
9ed	Urza's Power Plant
9ed	Urza's Tower
9ed	Peace of Mind
9ed	Yavimaya Coast
9ed	Plains
9ed	Plains
9ed	Plains
9ed	Plains
9ed	Island
9ed	Island
9ed	Island
9ed	Island
9ed	Swamp
9ed	Pegasus Charger
9ed	Swamp
9ed	Swamp
9ed	Swamp
9ed	Mountain
9ed	Mountain
9ed	Mountain
9ed	Mountain
9ed	Forest
9ed	Forest
9ed	Forest
9ed	Reverse Damage
9ed	Forest
9ed	Righteousness
9ed	Sacred Ground
9ed	Sacred Nectar
9ed	Samite Healer
9ed	Aven Flock
9ed	Giant Octopus
9ed	Sanctum Guardian
9ed	Savannah Lions
9ed	Seasoned Marshal
9ed	Serra Angel
9ed	Serra's Blessing
9ed	Skyhunter Prowler
9ed	Soul Warden
9ed	Spirit Link
9ed	Story Circle
9ed	Suntail Hawk
9ed	Ballista Squad
9ed	Index
9ed	Tempest of Light
9ed	Venerable Monk
9ed	Veteran Cavalier
9ed	Warrior's Honor
9ed	Weathered Wayfarer
9ed	Worship
9ed	Wrath of God
9ed	Zealous Inquisitor
9ed	Air Elemental
9ed	Annex
9ed	Blessed Orator
9ed	Archivist
9ed	Aven Fisher
9ed	Aven Windreader
9ed	Azure Drake
9ed	Baleful Stare
9ed	Battle of Wits
9ed	Boomerang
9ed	Clone
9ed	Confiscate
9ed	Counsel of the Soratami
9ed	Blinding Angel
9ed	Vizzerdrix
9ed	Cowardice
9ed	Crafty Pathmage
9ed	Daring Apprentice
9ed	Dehydration
9ed	Dream Prowler
9ed	Evacuation
9ed	Exhaustion
9ed	Fishliver Oil
9ed	Fleeting Image
9ed	Flight
9ed	Blinking Spirit
9ed	Goblin Raider
9ed	Fugitive Wizard
9ed	Horned Turtle
9ed	Imaginary Pet
9ed	Levitation
9ed	Lumengrid Warden
9ed	Mahamoti Djinn
9ed	Mana Leak
9ed	Mind Bend
9ed	Phantom Warrior
9ed	Plagiarize
9ed	Chastise
9ed	Enormous Baloth
9ed	Polymorph
9ed	Puppeteer
9ed	Reminisce
9ed	Remove Soul
9ed	Rewind
9ed	Sage Aven
9ed	Sea Monster
9ed	Sea's Claim
9ed	Sift
9ed	Sleight of Hand
ody	Aegis of Honor
ody	Balancing Act
ody	Scrivener
ody	Shifty Doppelganger
ody	Standstill
ody	Syncopate
ody	Think Tank
ody	Thought Devourer
ody	Thought Eater
ody	Thought Nibbler
ody	Time Stretch
ody	Touch of Invisibility
ody	Beloved Chaplain
ody	Traumatize
ody	Treetop Sentinel
ody	Unifying Theory
ody	Upheaval
ody	Words of Wisdom
ody	Afflict
ody	Bloodcurdler
ody	Braids, Cabal Minion
ody	Buried Alive
ody	Cabal Inquisitor
ody	Blessed Orator
ody	Cabal Patriarch
ody	Cabal Shrine
ody	Caustic Tar
ody	Childhood Horror
ody	Coffin Purge
ody	Crypt Creeper
ody	Cursed Monstrosity
ody	Decaying Soil
ody	Decompose
ody	Diabolic Tutor
ody	Cantivore
ody	Dirty Wererat
ody	Dusk Imp
ody	Entomb
ody	Execute
ody	Face of Fear
ody	Famished Ghoul
ody	Filthy Cur
ody	Fledgling Imp
ody	Frightcrawler
ody	Ghastly Demise
ody	Cease-Fire
ody	Gravedigger
ody	Gravestorm
ody	Haunting Echoes
ody	Hint of Insanity
ody	Infected Vermin
ody	Innocent Blood
ody	Last Rites
ody	Malevolent Awakening
ody	Mind Burst
ody	Mindslicer
ody	Confessor
ody	Morbid Hunger
ody	Morgue Theft
ody	Mortivore
ody	Nefarious Lich
ody	Overeager Apprentice
ody	Painbringer
ody	Patriarch's Desire
ody	Repentant Vampire
ody	Rotting Giant
ody	Sadistic Hypnotist
ody	Dedicated Martyr
ody	Screams of the Damned
ody	Skeletal Scrying
ody	Skull Fracture
ody	Stalking Bloodsucker
ody	Tainted Pact
ody	Tombfire
ody	Traveling Plague
ody	Whispering Shade
ody	Zombie Assassin
ody	Zombie Cannibal
ody	Delaying Shield
ody	Zombie Infestation
ody	Zombify
ody	Acceptable Losses
ody	Anarchist
ody	Ashen Firebeast
ody	Barbarian Lunatic
ody	Bash to Bits
ody	Battle Strain
ody	Blazing Salvo
ody	Bomb Squad
ody	Devoted Caretaker
ody	Burning Sands
ody	Chainflinger
ody	Chance Encounter
ody	Demolish
ody	Demoralize
ody	Dwarven Grunt
ody	Dwarven Recruiter
ody	Dwarven Shrine
ody	Dwarven Strike Force
ody	Earth Rift
ody	Divine Sacrament
ody	Ember Beast
ody	Engulfing Flames
ody	Epicenter
ody	Firebolt
ody	Flame Burst
ody	Frenetic Ogre
ody	Halberdier
ody	Impulsive Maneuvers
ody	Kamahl, Pit Fighter
ody	Kamahl's Desire
ody	Ancestral Tribute
ody	Dogged Hunter
ody	Lava Blister
ody	Liquid Fire
ody	Mad Dog
ody	Magma Vein
ody	Magnivore
ody	Mine Layer
ody	Minotaur Explorer
ody	Molten Influence
ody	Mudhole
ody	Need for Speed
ody	Earnest Fellowship
ody	Obstinate Familiar
ody	Pardic Firecat
ody	Pardic Miner
ody	Pardic Swordsmith
ody	Price of Glory
ody	Reckless Charge
ody	Recoup
ody	Rites of Initiation
ody	Savage Firecat
ody	Scorching Missile
ody	Embolden
ody	Seize the Day
ody	Shower of Coals
ody	Spark Mage
ody	Steam Vines
ody	Thermal Blast
ody	Tremble
ody	Volcanic Spray
ody	Volley of Boulders
ody	Whipkeeper
ody	Bearscape
ody	Gallantry
ody	Beast Attack
ody	Call of the Herd
ody	Cartographer
ody	Chatter of the Squirrel
ody	Chlorophant
ody	Crashing Centaur
ody	Deep Reconnaissance
ody	Diligent Farmhand
ody	Druid Lyrist
ody	Druid's Call
ody	Graceful Antelope
ody	Elephant Ambush
ody	Gorilla Titan
ody	Ground Seal
ody	Holistic Wisdom
ody	Howling Gale
ody	Ivy Elemental
ody	Krosan Archer
ody	Krosan Avenger
ody	Krosan Beast
ody	Leaf Dancer
ody	Hallowed Healer
ody	Metamorphic Wurm
ody	Moment's Peace
ody	Muscle Burst
ody	Nantuko Disciple
ody	Nantuko Elder
ody	Nantuko Mentor
ody	Nantuko Shrine
ody	New Frontiers
ody	Nimble Mongoose
ody	Nut Collector
ody	Karmic Justice
ody	Overrun
ody	Piper's Melody
ody	Primal Frenzy
ody	Rabid Elephant
ody	Refresh
ody	Rites of Spring
ody	Roar of the Wurm
ody	Seton, Krosan Protector
ody	Seton's Desire
ody	Simplify
ody	Kirtar's Desire
ody	Skyshooter
ody	Spellbane Centaur
ody	Springing Tiger
ody	Squirrel Mob
ody	Squirrel Nest
ody	Still Life
ody	Stone-Tongue Basilisk
ody	Sylvan Might
ody	Terravore
ody	Twigwalker
ody	Kirtar's Wrath
ody	Verdant Succession
ody	Vivify
ody	Werebear
ody	Wild Mongrel
ody	Woodland Druid
ody	Zoologist
ody	Atogatog
ody	Decimate
ody	Iridescent Angel
ody	Lithatog
ody	Lieutenant Kirtar
ody	Mystic Enforcer
ody	Phantatog
ody	Psychatog
ody	Sarcatog
ody	Shadowmage Infiltrator
ody	Thaumatog
ody	Vampiric Dragon
ody	Catalyst Stone
ody	Charmed Pendant
ody	Darkwater Egg
ody	Angelic Wall
ody	Life Burst
ody	Junk Golem
ody	Limestone Golem
ody	Millikin
ody	Mirari
ody	Mossfire Egg
ody	Otarian Juggernaut
ody	Patchwork Gnomes
ody	Sandstone Deadfall
ody	Shadowblood Egg
ody	Skycloud Egg
ody	Luminous Guardian
ody	Steamclaw
ody	Sungrass Egg
ody	Abandoned Outpost
ody	Barbarian Ring
ody	Bog Wreckage
ody	Cabal Pit
ody	Centaur Garden
ody	Cephalid Coliseum
ody	Crystal Quarry
ody	Darkwater Catacombs
ody	Master Apothecary
ody	Deserted Temple
ody	Mossfire Valley
ody	Nomad Stadium
ody	Petrified Field
ody	Ravaged Highlands
ody	Seafloor Debris
ody	Shadowblood Ridge
ody	Skycloud Expanse
ody	Sungrass Prairie
ody	Tarnished Citadel
ody	Mystic Crusader
ody	Timberland Ruins
ody	Plains
ody	Plains
ody	Plains
ody	Plains
ody	Island
ody	Island
ody	Island
ody	Island
ody	Swamp
ody	Mystic Penitent
ody	Swamp
ody	Swamp
ody	Swamp
ody	Mountain
ody	Mountain
ody	Mountain
ody	Mountain
ody	Forest
ody	Forest
ody	Forest
ody	Mystic Visionary
ody	Forest
ody	Mystic Zealot
ody	Nomad Decoy
ody	Patrol Hound
ody	Pianna, Nomad Captain
ody	Animal Boneyard
ody	Pilgrim of Justice
ody	Pilgrim of Virtue
ody	Ray of Distortion
ody	Resilient Wanderer
ody	Sacred Rites
ody	Second Thoughts
ody	Shelter
ody	Soulcatcher
ody	Sphere of Duty
ody	Sphere of Grace
ody	Auramancer
ody	Sphere of Law
ody	Sphere of Reason
ody	Sphere of Truth
ody	Spiritualize
ody	Tattoo Ward
ody	Testament of Faith
ody	Tireless Tribe
ody	Wayward Angel
ody	Aboshan, Cephalid Emperor
ody	Aboshan's Desire
ody	Aven Archer
ody	Aether Burst
ody	Amugaba
ody	Aura Graft
ody	Aven Fisher
ody	Aven Smokeweaver
ody	Aven Windreader
ody	Balshan Beguiler
ody	Balshan Griffin
ody	Bamboozle
ody	Battle of Wits
ody	Aven Cloudchaser
ody	Careful Study
ody	Cephalid Broker
ody	Cephalid Looter
ody	Cephalid Retainer
ody	Cephalid Scout
ody	Cephalid Shrine
ody	Chamber of Manipulation
ody	Cognivore
ody	Concentrate
ody	Cultural Exchange
ody	Aven Flock
ody	Deluge
ody	Dematerialize
ody	Divert
ody	Dreamwinder
ody	Escape Artist
ody	Extract
ody	Fervent Denial
ody	Immobilizing Ink
ody	Laquatus's Creativity
ody	Patron Wizard
ody	Aven Shrine
ody	Pedantic Learning
ody	Peek
ody	Persuasion
ody	Phantom Whelp
ody	Predict
ody	Psionic Gift
ody	Pulsating Illusion
ody	Puppeteer
ody	Repel
ody	Rites of Refusal
ons	Akroma's Blessing
ons	Catapult Master
ons	Nameless One
ons	Peer Pressure
ons	Psychic Trance
ons	Quicksilver Dragon
ons	Read the Runes
ons	Reminisce
ons	Riptide Biologist
ons	Riptide Chronologist
ons	Riptide Entrancer
ons	Riptide Shapeshifter
ons	Catapult Squad
ons	Rummaging Wizard
ons	Sage Aven
ons	Screaming Seahawk
ons	Sea's Claim
ons	Slipstream Eel
ons	Spy Network
ons	Standardize
ons	Supreme Inquisitor
ons	Trade Secrets
ons	Trickery Charm
ons	Chain of Silence
ons	Voidmage Prodigy
ons	Wheel and Deal
ons	Words of Wind
ons	Accursed Centaur
ons	Anurid Murkdiver
ons	Aphetto Dredging
ons	Aphetto Vulture
ons	Blackmail
ons	Boneknitter
ons	Cabal Archon
ons	Circle of Solace
ons	Cabal Executioner
ons	Cabal Slaver
ons	Chain of Smog
ons	Cover of Darkness
ons	Crown of Suspicion
ons	Cruel Revival
ons	Death Match
ons	Death Pulse
ons	Dirge of Dread
ons	Disciple of Malice
ons	Convalescent Care
ons	Doomed Necromancer
ons	Ebonblade Reaper
ons	Endemic Plague
ons	Entrails Feaster
ons	Fade from Memory
ons	Fallen Cleric
ons	False Cure
ons	Feeding Frenzy
ons	Festering Goblin
ons	Frightshroud Courier
ons	Crowd Favorites
ons	Gangrenous Goliath
ons	Gluttonous Zombie
ons	Gravespawn Sovereign
ons	Grinning Demon
ons	Haunted Cadaver
ons	Head Games
ons	Headhunter
ons	Infest
ons	Misery Charm
ons	Nantuko Husk
ons	Crown of Awe
ons	Oversold Cemetery
ons	Patriarch's Bidding
ons	Profane Prayers
ons	Prowling Pangolin
ons	Rotlung Reanimator
ons	Screeching Buzzard
ons	Severed Legion
ons	Shade's Breath
ons	Shepherd of Rot
ons	Silent Specter
ons	Crude Rampart
ons	Smother
ons	Soulless One
ons	Spined Basher
ons	Strongarm Tactics
ons	Swat
ons	Syphon Mind
ons	Syphon Soul
ons	Thrashing Mudspawn
ons	Undead Gladiator
ons	Visara the Dreadful
ons	Daru Cavalier
ons	Walking Desecration
ons	Withering Hex
ons	Words of Waste
ons	Wretched Anurid
ons	Aether Charge
ons	Aggravated Assault
ons	Airdrop Condor
ons	Avarax
ons	Battering Craghorn
ons	Blistering Firecat
ons	Daru Healer
ons	Break Open
ons	Brightstone Ritual
ons	Butcher Orgg
ons	Chain of Plasma
ons	Charging Slateback
ons	Commando Raid
ons	Crown of Fury
ons	Custody Battle
ons	Dragon Roost
ons	Dwarven Blastminer
ons	Akroma's Vengeance
ons	Daru Lancer
ons	Embermage Goblin
ons	Erratic Explosion
ons	Fever Charm
ons	Flamestick Courier
ons	Goblin Machinist
ons	Goblin Piledriver
ons	Goblin Pyromancer
ons	Goblin Sharpshooter
ons	Goblin Sky Raider
ons	Goblin Sledder
ons	Daunting Defender
ons	Goblin Taskmaster
ons	Grand Melee
ons	Gratuitous Violence
ons	Insurrection
ons	Kaboom!
ons	Lavamancer's Skill
ons	Lay Waste
ons	Lightning Rift
ons	Mana Echoes
ons	Menacing Ogre
ons	Dawning Purist
ons	Nosy Goblin
ons	Pinpoint Avalanche
ons	Reckless One
ons	Risky Move
ons	Rorix Bladewing
ons	Searing Flesh
ons	Shaleskin Bruiser
ons	Shock
ons	Skirk Commando
ons	Skirk Fire Marshal
ons	Defensive Maneuvers
ons	Skirk Prospector
ons	Skittish Valesk
ons	Slice and Dice
ons	Snapping Thragg
ons	Solar Blast
ons	Sparksmith
ons	Spitfire Handler
ons	Spurred Wolverine
ons	Starstorm
ons	Tephraderm
ons	Demystify
ons	Thoughtbound Primoc
ons	Threaten
ons	Thunder of Hooves
ons	Wave of Indifference
ons	Words of War
ons	Animal Magnetism
ons	Barkhide Mauler
ons	Biorhythm
ons	Birchlore Rangers
ons	Bloodline Shaman
ons	Disciple of Grace
ons	Broodhatch Nantuko
ons	Centaur Glade
ons	Chain of Acid
ons	Crown of Vigor
ons	Elven Riders
ons	Elvish Guidance
ons	Elvish Pathcutter
ons	Elvish Pioneer
ons	Elvish Scrapper
ons	Elvish Vanguard
ons	Dive Bomber
ons	Elvish Warrior
ons	Enchantress's Presence
ons	Everglove Courier
ons	Explosive Vegetation
ons	Gigapede
ons	Heedless One
ons	Hystrodon
ons	Invigorating Boon
ons	Kamahl, Fist of Krosa
ons	Kamahl's Summons
ons	Doubtless One
ons	Krosan Colossus
ons	Krosan Groundshaker
ons	Krosan Tusker
ons	Leery Fogbeast
ons	Mythic Proportions
ons	Naturalize
ons	Overwhelming Instinct
ons	Primal Boost
ons	Ravenous Baloth
ons	Run Wild
ons	Exalted Angel
ons	Serpentine Basilisk
ons	Silklash Spider
ons	Silvos, Rogue Elemental
ons	Snarling Undorak
ons	Spitting Gourna
ons	Stag Beetle
ons	Steely Resolve
ons	Symbiotic Beast
ons	Symbiotic Elf
ons	Symbiotic Wurm
ons	Foothill Guide
ons	Taunting Elf
ons	Tempting Wurm
ons	Towering Baloth
ons	Treespring Lorian
ons	Tribal Unity
ons	Venomspout Brackus
ons	Vitality Charm
ons	Voice of the Woods
ons	Wall of Mulch
ons	Weird Harvest
ons	Ancestor's Prophet
ons	Glarecaster
ons	Wellwisher
ons	Wirewood Elf
ons	Wirewood Herald
ons	Wirewood Pride
ons	Wirewood Savage
ons	Words of Wilding
ons	Cryptic Gateway
ons	Doom Cannon
ons	Dream Chisel
ons	Riptide Replicator
ons	Glory Seeker
ons	Slate of Ancestry
ons	Tribal Golem
ons	Barren Moor
ons	Bloodstained Mire
ons	Contested Cliffs
ons	Daru Encampment
ons	Flooded Strand
ons	Forgotten Cave
ons	Goblin Burrows
ons	Grand Coliseum
ons	Grassland Crusader
ons	Lonely Sandbar
ons	Polluted Delta
ons	Riptide Laboratory
ons	Seaside Haven
ons	Secluded Steppe
ons	Starlit Sanctum
ons	Tranquil Thicket
ons	Unholy Grotto
ons	Windswept Heath
ons	Wirewood Lodge
ons	Gravel Slinger
ons	Wooded Foothills
ons	Plains
ons	Plains
ons	Plains
ons	Plains
ons	Island
ons	Island
ons	Island
ons	Island
ons	Swamp
ons	Gustcloak Harrier
ons	Swamp
ons	Swamp
ons	Swamp
ons	Mountain
ons	Mountain
ons	Mountain
ons	Mountain
ons	Forest
ons	Forest
ons	Forest
ons	Gustcloak Runner
ons	Forest
ons	Gustcloak Savior
ons	Gustcloak Sentinel
ons	Gustcloak Skirmisher
ons	Harsh Mercy
ons	Astral Slide
ons	Improvised Armor
ons	Inspirit
ons	Ironfist Crusher
ons	Jareth, Leonine Titan
ons	Mobilization
ons	Nova Cleric
ons	Oblation
ons	Pacifism
ons	Pearlspear Courier
ons	Piety Charm
ons	Aura Extraction
ons	Renewed Faith
ons	Righteous Cause
ons	Sandskin
ons	Shared Triumph
ons	Shieldmage Elder
ons	Sigil of the New Dawn
ons	Sunfire Balm
ons	True Believer
ons	Unified Strike
ons	Weathered Wayfarer
ons	Aurification
ons	Whipcorder
ons	Words of Worship
ons	Airborne Aid
ons	Annex
ons	Aphetto Alchemist
ons	Aphetto Grifter
ons	Arcanis the Omnipotent
ons	Artificial Evolution
ons	Ascending Aven
ons	Aven Fateshaper
ons	Aven Brigadier
ons	Backslide
ons	Blatant Thievery
ons	Callous Oppressor
ons	Chain of Vapor
ons	Choking Tethers
ons	Clone
ons	Complicate
ons	Crafty Pathmage
ons	Crown of Ascension
ons	Discombobulate
ons	Aven Soulgazer
ons	Dispersing Orb
ons	Disruptive Pitmage
ons	Essence Fracture
ons	Fleeting Aven
ons	Future Sight
ons	Ghosthelm Courier
ons	Graxiplon
ons	Imagecrafter
ons	Information Dealer
ons	Ixidor, Reality Sculptor
ons	Battlefield Medic
ons	Ixidor's Will
ons	Mage's Guile
ons	Meddle
ons	Mistform Dreamer
ons	Mistform Mask
ons	Mistform Mutant
ons	Mistform Shrieker
ons	Mistform Skyreaver
ons	Mistform Stalker
ons	Mistform Wall
plc	Aven Riftwatcher
plc	Pallid Mycoderm
plc	Fury Charm
plc	Hammerheim Deadeye
plc	Keldon Marauders
plc	Lavacore Elemental
plc	Magus of the Arena
plc	Needlepeak Spider
plc	Shivan Meteor
plc	Stingscourger
plc	Sulfur Elemental
plc	Timecrafting
plc	Poultice Sliver
plc	Torchling
plc	Volcano Hellion
plc	Boom
plc	Bust
plc	Dead
plc	Gone
plc	Rough
plc	Tumble
plc	Blood Knight
plc	Brute Force
plc	Molten Firebird
plc	Prodigal Pyromancer
plc	Pyrohemia
plc	Rebuff the Wicked
plc	Reckless Wurm
plc	Shivan Wumpus
plc	Simian Spirit Guide
plc	Skirk Shaman
plc	Ana Battlemage
plc	Citanul Woodreaders
plc	Deadwood Treefolk
plc	Evolution Charm
plc	Fungal Behemoth
plc	Giant Dustwasp
plc	Retether
plc	Hunting Wilds
plc	Jedit Ojanen of Efrava
plc	Kavu Predator
plc	Life and Limb
plc	Magus of the Library
plc	Mire Boa
plc	Pouncing Wurm
plc	Psychotrope Thallid
plc	Reflex Sliver
plc	Sophic Centaur
plc	Riftmarked Knight
plc	Timbermare
plc	Uktabi Drake
plc	Utopia Vow
plc	Vitaspore Thallid
plc	Wild Pair
plc	Essence Warden
plc	Fa'adiyah Seer
plc	Gaea's Anthem
plc	Groundbreaker
plc	Harmonize
plc	Saltblast
plc	Healing Leaves
plc	Hedge Troll
plc	Keen Sense
plc	Seal of Primordium
plc	Cautery Sliver
plc	Darkheart Sliver
plc	Dormant Sliver
plc	Frenetic Sliver
plc	Intet, the Dreamer
plc	Necrotic Sliver
plc	Saltfield Recluse
plc	Numot, the Devastator
plc	Oros, the Avenger
plc	Radha, Heir to Keld
plc	Teneb, the Harvester
plc	Vorosh, the Hunter
plc	Urborg, Tomb of Yawgmoth
plc	Serra's Boon
plc	Shade of Trokair
plc	Stonecloaker
plc	Benalish Commander
plc	Stormfront Riders
plc	Voidstone Gargoyle
plc	Whitemane Lion
plc	Calciderm
plc	Malach of the Dawn
plc	Mana Tithe
plc	Mesa Enchantress
plc	Mycologist
plc	Porphyry Nodes
plc	Revered Dead
plc	Crovax, Ascendant Hero
plc	Sinew Sliver
plc	Sunlance
plc	Aeon Chronicler
plc	Aquamorph Entity
plc	Auramancer's Guise
plc	Body Double
plc	Braids, Conjurer Adept
plc	Chronozoa
plc	Dichotomancy
plc	Dismal Failure
plc	Dawn Charm
plc	Dreamscape Artist
plc	Erratic Mutation
plc	Jodah's Avenger
plc	Magus of the Bazaar
plc	Pongify
plc	Reality Acid
plc	Shaper Parasite
plc	Spellshift
plc	Synchronous Sliver
plc	Tidewalker
plc	Dust Elemental
plc	Timebender
plc	Veiling Oddity
plc	Venarian Glimmer
plc	Wistful Thinking
plc	Frozen Aether
plc	Gossamer Phantasm
plc	Merfolk Thaumaturgist
plc	Ovinize
plc	Piracy Charm
plc	Primal Plasma
plc	Ghost Tactician
plc	Riptide Pilferer
plc	Serendib Sorcerer
plc	Serra Sphinx
plc	Big Game Hunter
plc	Blightspeaker
plc	Brain Gorgers
plc	Circle of Affliction
plc	Cradle to Grave
plc	Dash Hopes
plc	Deadly Grub
plc	Heroes Remembered
plc	Enslave
plc	Extirpate
plc	Imp's Mischief
plc	Magus of the Coffers
plc	Midnight Charm
plc	Mirri the Cursed
plc	Muck Drubb
plc	Phantasmagorian
plc	Ridged Kusite
plc	Roiling Horror
plc	Magus of the Tabernacle
plc	Spitting Sliver
plc	Temporal Extortion
plc	Treacherous Urge
plc	Waning Wurm
plc	Bog Serpent
plc	Damnation
plc	Dunerider Outlaw
plc	Kor Dirge
plc	Melancholy
plc	Null Profusion
plc	Mantle of Leadership
plc	Rathi Trapper
plc	Shrouded Lore
plc	Vampiric Link
plc	Aether Membrane
plc	Akroma, Angel of Fury
plc	Battering Sliver
plc	Detritivore
plc	Dust Corona
plc	Fatal Frenzy
plc	Firefright Mage
hop	Akroma's Vengeance
hop	Keep Watch
hop	Double Cleave
hop	Duergar Hedge-Mage
hop	Hearthfire Hobgoblin
hop	Assault
hop	Battery
hop	Order
hop	Chaos
hop	Arcbound Crusher
hop	Arcbound Slith
hop	Boros Signet
hop	Bosh, Iron Golem
hop	Copper Myr
hop	Master of Etherium
hop	Cranial Plating
hop	Darksteel Forge
hop	Door to Nothingness
hop	Etched Oracle
hop	Gold Myr
hop	Iron Myr
hop	Leaden Myr
hop	Lodestone Myr
hop	Loxodon Warhammer
hop	Mask of Memory
hop	Qumulox
hop	Myr Enforcer
hop	Nuisance Engine
hop	Pentad Prism
hop	Pentavus
hop	Relic of Progenitus
hop	Serum Tank
hop	Silver Myr
hop	Skeleton Shard
hop	Suntouched Myr
hop	Wizard Replica
hop	Sarcomite Myr
hop	Ancient Den
hop	Boros Garrison
hop	Cabal Coffers
hop	Great Furnace
hop	Gruul Turf
hop	Leechridden Swamp
hop	Seat of the Synod
hop	Shivan Oasis
hop	Sunhome, Fortress of the Legion
hop	Terramorphic Expanse
hop	Thirst for Knowledge
hop	Tree of Tales
hop	Vault of Whispers
hop	Plains
hop	Plains
hop	Plains
hop	Plains
hop	Plains
hop	Island
hop	Island
hop	Island
hop	Vedalken Engineer
hop	Island
hop	Swamp
hop	Swamp
hop	Swamp
hop	Swamp
hop	Swamp
hop	Mountain
hop	Mountain
hop	Mountain
hop	Mountain
hop	Whiplash Trap
hop	Mountain
hop	Mountain
hop	Mountain
hop	Mountain
hop	Mountain
hop	Forest
hop	Forest
hop	Forest
hop	Forest
hop	Forest
hop	Ascendant Evincar
hop	Beacon of Unrest
hop	Beseech the Queen
hop	Congregate
hop	Cadaverous Knight
hop	Consume Spirit
hop	Corpse Harvester
hop	Cruel Revival
hop	Dark Ritual
hop	Death Baron
hop	Dregscape Zombie
hop	Festering Goblin
hop	Grave Pact
hop	Gravedigger
hop	Kor Sanctifiers
hop	Helldozer
hop	Hideous End
hop	Incremental Blight
hop	Innocent Blood
hop	Nefashu
hop	Noxious Ghoul
hop	Phyrexian Arena
hop	Phyrexian Ghoul
hop	Profane Command
hop	Rotting Rats
hop	Oblivion Ring
hop	Shepherd of Rot
hop	Soulless One
hop	Syphon Mind
hop	Syphon Soul
hop	Undead Warchief
hop	Withered Wretch
hop	Arc Lightning
hop	Blaze
hop	Bogardan Firefiend
hop	Bogardan Rager
hop	Orim's Thunder
hop	Browbeat
hop	Cinder Elemental
hop	Cone of Flame
hop	Flamekin Harbinger
hop	Flametongue Kavu
hop	Furnace of Rath
hop	Goblin Offensive
hop	Insurrection
hop	Keldon Champion
hop	Menacing Ogre
hop	Prison Term
hop	Pyrotechnics
hop	Reckless Charge
hop	Relentless Assault
hop	Rockslide Elemental
hop	Rolling Thunder
hop	Rorix Bladewing
hop	Smokebraider
hop	Taurean Mauler
hop	Beast Hunt
hop	Briarhorn
hop	Soul Warden
hop	Explosive Vegetation
hop	Fertile Ground
hop	Fertilid
hop	Forgotten Ancient
hop	Ivy Elemental
hop	Living Hive
hop	Rampant Growth
hop	Search for Tomorrow
hop	Silverglade Elemental
hop	Tornado Elemental
hop	Broodstar
hop	Tribal Unity
hop	Verdant Force
hop	Boros Swiftblade
hop	Branching Bolt
hop	Bull Cerodon
hop	Captain's Maneuver
hop	Cerodon Yearling
hop	Fires of Yavimaya
hop	Glory of Warfare
hop	Hull Breach
hop	Fabricate
hop	Lightning Helix
hop	Mage Slayer
hop	Razia, Boros Archangel
hop	Rumbling Slum
hop	Savage Twister
hop	Sludge Strider
hop	Arsenal Thresher
hop	Balefire Liege
hop	Battlegate Mimic
hop	Boros Guildmage
pc2	Armored Griffin
pc2	Mammoth Umbra
pc2	Last Stand
pc2	Maelstrom Wanderer
pc2	Noggle Ransacker
pc2	Pollenbright Wings
pc2	Shardless Agent
pc2	Silent-Blade Oni
pc2	Thromok the Insatiable
pc2	Vela the Night-Clad
pc2	Armillary Sphere
pc2	Farsight Mask
pc2	Sigil of the Empty Throne
pc2	Flayer Husk
pc2	Fractured Powerstone
pc2	Quietus Spike
pc2	Sai of the Shinobi
pc2	Thran Golem
pc2	Whispersilk Cloak
pc2	Dimir Aqueduct
pc2	Exotic Orchard
pc2	Graypelt Refuge
pc2	Gruul Turf
pc2	Spirit Mantle
pc2	Jwar Isle Refuge
pc2	Kazandu Refuge
pc2	Khalni Garden
pc2	Krosan Verge
pc2	Rupture Spire
pc2	Selesnya Sanctuary
pc2	Shimmering Grotto
pc2	Skarrg, the Rage Pits
pc2	Tainted Isle
pc2	Terramorphic Expanse
pc2	Three Dreams
pc2	Vitu-Ghazi, the City-Tree
pc2	Vivid Creek
pc2	Plains
pc2	Plains
pc2	Plains
pc2	Plains
pc2	Plains
pc2	Island
pc2	Island
pc2	Island
pc2	Augury Owl
pc2	Island
pc2	Island
pc2	Swamp
pc2	Swamp
pc2	Swamp
pc2	Swamp
pc2	Swamp
pc2	Mountain
pc2	Mountain
pc2	Mountain
pc2	Cancel
pc2	Mountain
pc2	Forest
pc2	Forest
pc2	Forest
pc2	Forest
pc2	Forest
pc2	Forest
pc2	Concentrate
pc2	Guard Gomazoa
pc2	Higure, the Still Wind
pc2	Illusory Angel
pc2	Auramancer
pc2	Mistblade Shinobi
pc2	Ninja of the Deep Hours
pc2	Peregrine Drake
pc2	Primal Plasma
pc2	Sakashima's Student
pc2	See Beyond
pc2	Sunken Hope
pc2	Walker of Secret Ways
pc2	Wall of Frost
pc2	Whirlpool Warrior
pc2	Auratouched Mage
pc2	Assassinate
pc2	Cadaver Imp
pc2	Dark Hatchling
pc2	Ink-Eyes, Servant of Oni
pc2	Liliana's Specter
pc2	Okiba-Gang Shinobi
pc2	Skullsnatcher
pc2	Throat Slitter
pc2	Tormented Soul
pc2	Arc Trail
pc2	Cage of Hands
pc2	Beetleback Chief
pc2	Erratic Explosion
pc2	Fiery Conclusion
pc2	Fiery Fall
pc2	Fling
pc2	Hellion Eruption
pc2	Hissing Iguanar
pc2	Mark of Mutiny
pc2	Mass Mutiny
pc2	Mudbutton Torchrunner
pc2	Celestial Ancient
pc2	Preyseizer Dragon
pc2	Rivals' Duel
pc2	Thorn-Thrash Viashino
pc2	Thunder-Thrash Elder
pc2	Warstorm Surge
pc2	Aura Gnarlid
pc2	Awakening Zone
pc2	Beast Within
pc2	Boar Umbra
pc2	Bramble Elemental
pc2	Felidar Umbra
pc2	Brindle Shoat
pc2	Brutalizer Exarch
pc2	Cultivate
pc2	Dowsing Shaman
pc2	Dreampod Druid
pc2	Gluttonous Slime
pc2	Lumberknot
pc2	Mitotic Slime
pc2	Mycoloth
pc2	Nest Invader
pc2	Ghostly Prison
pc2	Nullmage Advocate
pc2	Ondu Giant
pc2	Overrun
pc2	Penumbra Spider
pc2	Predatory Urge
pc2	Quiet Disrepair
pc2	Rancor
pc2	Silhana Ledgewalker
pc2	Snake Umbra
pc2	Tukatongue Thallid
pc2	Hyena Umbra
pc2	Viridian Emissary
pc2	Wall of Blossoms
pc2	Baleful Strix
pc2	Bituminous Blast
pc2	Bloodbraid Elf
pc2	Deny Reality
pc2	Dimir Infiltrator
pc2	Dragonlair Spider
pc2	Elderwood Scion
pc2	Enigma Sphinx
pc2	Kor Spiritdancer
pc2	Enlisted Wurm
pc2	Etherium-Horn Sorcerer
pc2	Fires of Yavimaya
pc2	Fusion Elemental
pc2	Glen Elendra Liege
pc2	Hellkite Hatchling
pc2	Indrik Umbra
pc2	Inkfathom Witch
pc2	Kathari Remnant
pc2	Krond the Dawn-Clad
pls	Aura Blast
pls	March of Souls
pls	Darigaaz's Charm
pls	Daring Leap
pls	Destructive Flow
pls	Doomsday Specter
pls	Dralnu's Crusade
pls	Dromar's Charm
pls	Eladamri's Call
pls	Ertai, the Corrupted
pls	Fleetfoot Panther
pls	Gerrard's Command
pls	Orim's Chant
pls	Horned Kavu
pls	Hull Breach
pls	Keldon Twilight
pls	Lava Zombie
pls	Malicious Advice
pls	Marsh Crocodile
pls	Meddling Mage
pls	Natural Emergence
pls	Phyrexian Tyranny
pls	Questing Phelddagrif
pls	Planeswalker's Mirth
pls	Radiant Kavu
pls	Razing Snidd
pls	Rith's Charm
pls	Sawtooth Loon
pls	Shivan Wurm
pls	Silver Drake
pls	Sparkcaster
pls	Steel Leaf Paladin
pls	Terminate
pls	Treva's Charm
pls	Pollen Remedy
pls	Urza's Guilt
pls	Draco
pls	Mana Cylix
pls	Skyship Weatherlight
pls	Star Compass
pls	Stratadon
pls	Crosis's Catacombs
pls	Darigaaz's Caldera
pls	Dromar's Cavern
pls	Forsaken City
pls	Samite Elder
pls	Meteor Crater
pls	Rith's Grove
pls	Terminal Moraine
pls	Treva's Ruins
pls	Samite Pilgrim
pls	Sunscape Battlemage
pls	Sunscape Familiar
pls	Surprise Deployment
pls	Voice of All
pls	Aurora Griffin
pls	Allied Strategies
pls	Arctic Merfolk
pls	Confound
pls	Dralnu's Pet
pls	Ertai's Trickery
pls	Escape Routes
pls	Gainsay
pls	Hunting Drake
pls	Planar Overlay
pls	Planeswalker's Mischief
pls	Disciple of Kangee
pls	Rushing River
pls	Sea Snidd
pls	Shifting Sky
pls	Sisay's Ingenuity
pls	Sleeping Potion
pls	Stormscape Battlemage
pls	Stormscape Familiar
pls	Sunken Hope
pls	Waterspout Elemental
pls	Bog Down
pls	Dominaria's Judgment
pls	Dark Suspicions
pls	Death Bomb
pls	Diabolic Intent
pls	Exotic Disease
pls	Lord of the Undead
pls	Maggot Carrier
pls	Morgue Toad
pls	Nightscape Battlemage
pls	Nightscape Familiar
pls	Noxious Vapors
pls	Guard Dogs
pls	Phyrexian Bloodstock
pls	Phyrexian Scuta
pls	Planeswalker's Scorn
pls	Shriek of Dread
pls	Sinister Strength
pls	Slay
pls	Volcano Imp
pls	Warped Devotion
pls	Caldera Kavu
pls	Deadapult
pls	Heroic Defiance
pls	Flametongue Kavu
pls	Goblin Game
pls	Implode
pls	Insolence
pls	Kavu Recluse
pls	Keldon Mantle
pls	Magma Burst
pls	Mire Kavu
pls	Mogg Jailer
pls	Mogg Sentry
pls	Hobble
pls	Planeswalker's Fury
pls	Singe
pls	Slingshot Goblin
pls	Strafe
pls	Tahngarth, Talruum Hero
pls	Thunderscape Battlemage
pls	Thunderscape Familiar
pls	Alpha Kavu
pls	Amphibious Kavu
pls	Falling Timber
pls	Honorable Scout
pls	Gaea's Herald
pls	Gaea's Might
pls	Magnigoth Treefolk
pls	Mirrorwood Treefolk
pls	Multani's Harmony
pls	Nemata, Grove Guardian
pls	Planeswalker's Favor
pls	Primal Growth
pls	Pygmy Kavu
pls	Quirion Dryad
pls	Lashknife Barrier
pls	Quirion Explorer
pls	Root Greevil
pls	Skyshroud Blessing
pls	Stone Kavu
pls	Thornscape Battlemage
pls	Thornscape Familiar
pls	Ancient Spider
pls	Cavern Harpy
pls	Cloud Cover
pls	Crosis's Charm
por	Arrogant Vampire
por	Assassin's Blade
por	Bog Imp
por	Bog Raiders
por	Bog Wraith
por	Charging Bandits
por	Craven Knight
por	Cruel Bargain
por	Cruel Tutor
por	Dread Charge
por	Dread Reaper
por	Dry Spell
por	Ebon Dragon
por	Endless Cockroaches
por	Feral Shadow
por	Final Strike
por	Gravedigger
por	Hand of Death
por	Hand of Death
por	Howling Fury
por	King's Assassin
por	Mercenary Knight
por	Mind Knives
por	Mind Rot
por	Muck Rats
por	Nature's Ruin
por	Noxious Toad
por	Python
por	Rain of Tears
por	Raise Dead
por	Serpent Assassin
por	Serpent Warrior
por	Skeletal Crocodile
por	Skeletal Snake
por	Soul Shred
por	Undying Beast
por	Vampiric Feast
por	Vampiric Touch
por	Virtue's Ruin
por	Wicked Pact
por	Ancestral Memories
por	Balance of Power
por	Baleful Stare
por	Capricious Sorcerer
por	Cloak of Feathers
por	Cloud Dragon
por	Cloud Pirates
por	Cloud Spirit
por	Command of Unsummoning
por	Coral Eel
por	Cruel Fate
por	Deep-Sea Serpent
por	Déjà Vu
por	Djinn of the Lamp
por	Exhaustion
por	Flux
por	Giant Octopus
por	Horned Turtle
por	Ingenious Thief
por	Man-o'-War
por	Merfolk of the Pearl Trident
por	Mystic Denial
por	Omen
por	Owl Familiar
por	Personal Tutor
por	Phantom Warrior
por	Prosperity
por	Snapping Drake
por	Sorcerous Sight
por	Storm Crow
por	Symbol of Unsummoning
por	Taunt
por	Theft of Dreams
por	Thing from the Deep
por	Tidal Surge
por	Time Ebb
por	Touch of Brilliance
por	Wind Drake
por	Withering Gaze
por	Alluring Scent
por	Anaconda
por	Anaconda
por	Bee Sting
por	Bull Hippo
por	Charging Rhino
por	Deep Wood
por	Elite Cat Warrior
por	Elite Cat Warrior
por	Elven Cache
por	Elvish Ranger
por	Fruition
por	Giant Spider
por	Gorilla Warrior
por	Grizzly Bears
por	Hurricane
por	Jungle Lion
por	Mobilize
por	Monstrous Growth
por	Monstrous Growth
por	Moon Sprite
por	Natural Order
por	Natural Spring
por	Nature's Cloak
por	Nature's Lore
por	Needle Storm
por	Panther Warriors
por	Plant Elemental
por	Primeval Force
por	Redwood Treefolk
por	Rowan Treefolk
por	Spined Wurm
por	Stalking Tiger
por	Summer Bloom
por	Sylvan Tutor
por	Thundering Wurm
por	Treetop Defense
por	Untamed Wilds
por	Whiptail Wurm
por	Willow Dryad
por	Winter's Grasp
por	Wood Elves
por	Blaze
por	Blaze
por	Boiling Seas
por	Burning Cloak
por	Craven Giant
por	Desert Drake
por	Devastation
por	Earthquake
por	Fire Dragon
por	Fire Imp
por	Fire Snake
por	Fire Tempest
por	Flashfires
por	Forked Lightning
por	Goblin Bully
por	Highland Giant
por	Hill Giant
por	Hulking Cyclops
por	Hulking Goblin
por	Last Chance
por	Lava Axe
por	Lava Flow
por	Lizard Warrior
por	Minotaur Warrior
por	Mountain Goat
por	Pillaging Horde
por	Pyroclasm
por	Raging Cougar
por	Raging Goblin
por	Raging Goblin
por	Raging Minotaur
por	Rain of Salt
por	Scorching Spear
por	Scorching Winds
por	Spitting Earth
por	Stone Rain
por	Thundermare
por	Volcanic Dragon
por	Volcanic Hammer
por	Wall of Granite
por	Winds of Change
por	Alabaster Dragon
por	Angelic Blessing
por	Archangel
por	Ardent Militia
por	Armageddon
por	Armored Pegasus
por	Blessed Reversal
por	Blinding Light
por	Border Guard
por	Breath of Life
por	Charging Paladin
por	Defiant Stand
por	Devoted Hero
por	False Peace
por	Fleet-Footed Monk
por	Foot Soldiers
por	Gift of Estates
por	Harsh Justice
por	Keen-Eyed Archers
por	Knight Errant
por	Path of Peace
por	Regal Unicorn
por	Renewing Dawn
por	Sacred Knight
por	Sacred Nectar
por	Seasoned Marshal
por	Spiritual Guardian
por	Spotted Griffin
por	Starlight
por	Starlit Angel
por	Steadfastness
por	Stern Marshal
por	Temporary Truce
por	Valorous Charge
por	Venerable Monk
por	Vengeance
por	Wall of Swords
por	Warrior's Charge
por	Warrior's Charge
por	Wrath of God
por	Forest
por	Forest
por	Forest
por	Forest
por	Island
por	Island
por	Island
por	Island
por	Mountain
por	Mountain
por	Mountain
por	Mountain
por	Plains
por	Plains
por	Plains
por	Plains
por	Swamp
por	Swamp
por	Swamp
por	Swamp
p02	Abyssal Nightstalker
p02	Dakmor Scorpion
p02	Goblin Matron
p02	Goblin Mountaineer
p02	Mountain
p02	Goblin Piker
p02	Goblin Raider
p02	Goblin War Cry
p02	Goblin War Strike
p02	Jagged Lightning
p02	Lava Axe
p02	Angel of Fury
p02	Magma Giant
p02	Obsidian Giant
p02	Dakmor Sorceress
p02	Ogre Arsonist
p02	Ogre Berserker
p02	Ogre Taskmaster
p02	Ogre Warrior
p02	Raging Goblin
p02	Relentless Assault
p02	Spitting Earth
p02	Stone Rain
p02	Tremor
p02	Volcanic Hammer
p02	Dark Offering
p02	Plated Wurm
p02	Wildfire
p02	Alaborn Cavalier
p02	Alaborn Grenadier
p02	Alaborn Musketeer
p02	Alaborn Trooper
p02	Alaborn Veteran
p02	Alaborn Zealot
p02	Angel of Mercy
p02	Angelic Blessing
p02	Foul Spirit
p02	Angelic Wall
p02	Archangel
p02	Armageddon
p02	Armored Griffin
p02	Bargain
p02	Breath of Life
p02	Festival of Trokin
p02	Just Fate
p02	Path of Peace
p02	Rally the Troops
p02	Hand of Death
p02	Righteous Charge
p02	Righteous Fury
p02	Steam Catapult
p02	Temple Acolyte
p02	Temple Elder
p02	Town Sentry
p02	Trokin High Guard
p02	Vengeance
p02	Volunteer Militia
p02	Warrior's Stand
p02	Hidden Horror
p02	Wild Griffin
p02	Forest
p02	Island
p02	Kiss of Death
p02	Plains
p02	Swamp
p02	Lurking Nightstalker
p02	Mind Rot
p02	Moaning Spirit
p02	Ancient Craving
p02	Muck Rats
p02	Nightstalker Engine
p02	Predatory Nightstalker
p02	Prowling Nightstalker
p02	Raiding Nightstalker
p02	Rain of Daggers
p02	Raise Dead
p02	Ravenous Rats
p02	Return of the Nightstalkers
p02	Swarm of Rats
p02	Bloodcurdling Scream
p02	Vampiric Spirit
p02	Air Elemental
p02	Apprentice Sorcerer
p02	Armored Galleon
p02	Coastal Wizard
p02	Déjà Vu
p02	Denizen of the Deep
p02	Exhaustion
p02	Extinguish
p02	Eye Spy
p02	Brutal Nightstalker
p02	Salvage
p02	False Summoning
p02	Mystic Denial
p02	Piracy
p02	Remove
p02	Screeching Drake
p02	Sea Drake
p02	Sleight of Hand
p02	Steam Frigate
p02	Talas Air Ship
p02	Talas Explorer
p02	Chorus of Woe
p02	Talas Merchant
p02	Talas Researcher
p02	Talas Scout
p02	Talas Warrior
p02	Temporal Manipulation
p02	Theft of Dreams
p02	Tidal Surge
p02	Time Ebb
p02	Touch of Brilliance
p02	Undo
p02	Coercion
p02	Wind Sail
p02	Alluring Scent
p02	Barbtooth Wurm
p02	Bear Cub
p02	Bee Sting
p02	Deathcoil Wurm
p02	Deep Wood
p02	Golden Bear
p02	Harmony of Nature
p02	Hurricane
p02	Cruel Edict
p02	Ironhoof Ox
p02	Lone Wolf
p02	Lynx
p02	Monstrous Growth
p02	Natural Spring
p02	Nature's Lore
p02	Norwood Archers
p02	Norwood Priestess
p02	Norwood Ranger
p02	Norwood Riders
p02	Dakmor Bat
p02	Norwood Warrior
p02	Razorclaw Bear
p02	Renewing Touch
p02	River Bear
p02	Sylvan Basilisk
p02	Sylvan Yeti
p02	Tree Monkey
p02	Untamed Wilds
p02	Dakmor Plague
p02	Wild Ox
p02	Blaze
p02	Brimstone Dragon
p02	Cunning Giant
p02	Earthquake
p02	Goblin Cavaliers
p02	Goblin Firestarter
p02	Goblin General
p02	Goblin Glider
p02	Goblin Lore
ptk	Alert Shu Infantry
ptk	Kongming's Contraptions
ptk	Barbarian General
ptk	Barbarian Horde
ptk	Blaze
ptk	Burning Fields
ptk	Burning of Xinye
ptk	Control of the Court
ptk	Corrupt Eunuchs
ptk	Desert Sandstorm
ptk	Diaochan, Artful Beauty
ptk	Dong Zhou, the Tyrant
ptk	Liu Bei, Lord of Shu
ptk	Eunuchs' Intrigues
ptk	Fire Ambush
ptk	Fire Bowman
ptk	Imperial Recruiter
ptk	Independent Troops
ptk	Lu Bu, Master-at-Arms
ptk	Ma Chao, Western Warrior
ptk	Mountain Bandit
ptk	Ravaging Horde
ptk	Relentless Assault
ptk	Loyal Retainers
ptk	Renegade Troops
ptk	Rockslide Ambush
ptk	Rolling Earthquake
ptk	Stone Rain
ptk	Warrior's Oath
ptk	Yellow Scarves Cavalry
ptk	Yellow Scarves General
ptk	Yellow Scarves Troops
ptk	Yuan Shao, the Indecisive
ptk	Yuan Shao's Infantry
ptk	Misfortune's Gain
ptk	Zodiac Dog
ptk	Zodiac Dragon
ptk	Zodiac Goat
ptk	Borrowing the East Wind
ptk	False Mourning
ptk	Forest Bear
ptk	Heavy Fog
ptk	Hua Tuo, Honored Physician
ptk	Hunting Cheetah
ptk	Lady Zhurong, Warrior Queen
ptk	Pang Tong, "Young Phoenix"
ptk	Lone Wolf
ptk	Marshaling the Troops
ptk	Meng Huo, Barbarian King
ptk	Meng Huo's Horde
ptk	Riding the Dilu Horse
ptk	Slashing Tiger
ptk	Southern Elephant
ptk	Spoils of Victory
ptk	Spring of Eternal Peace
ptk	Stalking Tiger
ptk	Peach Garden Oath
ptk	Taoist Hermit
ptk	Taoist Mystic
ptk	Taunting Challenge
ptk	Three Visits
ptk	Trip Wire
ptk	Trained Jackal
ptk	Trained Cheetah
ptk	Wielding the Green Dragon
ptk	Wolf Pack
ptk	Zodiac Horse
ptk	Rally the Troops
ptk	Zodiac Monkey
ptk	Zodiac Ox
ptk	Zodiac Rabbit
ptk	Zodiac Rooster
ptk	Zodiac Tiger
ptk	Zuo Ci, the Mocking Sage
ptk	Plains
ptk	Plains
ptk	Plains
ptk	Island
ptk	Ravages of War
ptk	Island
ptk	Island
ptk	Swamp
ptk	Swamp
ptk	Swamp
ptk	Mountain
ptk	Mountain
ptk	Mountain
ptk	Forest
ptk	Forest
ptk	Riding Red Hare
ptk	Forest
ptk	Shu Cavalry
ptk	Eightfold Maze
ptk	Shu Defender
ptk	Shu Elite Companions
ptk	Shu Elite Infantry
ptk	Shu Farmer
ptk	Shu Foot Soldiers
ptk	Shu General
ptk	Shu Grain Caravan
ptk	Shu Soldier-Farmers
ptk	Vengeance
ptk	Virtuous Charge
ptk	Empty City Ruse
ptk	Volunteer Militia
ptk	Warrior's Stand
ptk	Zhang Fei, Fierce Warrior
ptk	Zhao Zilong, Tiger General
ptk	Balance of Power
ptk	Borrowing 100,000 Arrows
ptk	Brilliant Plan
ptk	Broken Dam
ptk	Capture of Jingzhou
ptk	Champion's Victory
ptk	False Defeat
ptk	Council of Advisors
ptk	Counterintelligence
ptk	Exhaustion
ptk	Extinguish
ptk	Forced Retreat
ptk	Lady Sun
ptk	Lu Meng, Wu General
ptk	Lu Su, Wu Advisor
ptk	Lu Xun, Scholar General
ptk	Mystic Denial
ptk	Flanking Troops
ptk	Preemptive Strike
ptk	Red Cliffs Armada
ptk	Sage's Knowledge
ptk	Strategic Planning
ptk	Straw Soldiers
ptk	Sun Ce, Young Conquerer
ptk	Sun Quan, Lord of Wu
ptk	Wu Admiral
ptk	Wu Elite Cavalry
ptk	Wu Infantry
ptk	Guan Yu, Sainted Warrior
ptk	Wu Light Cavalry
ptk	Wu Longbowman
ptk	Wu Scout
ptk	Wu Spy
ptk	Wu Warship
ptk	Zhou Yu, Chief Commander
ptk	Zhuge Jin, Wu Strategist
ptk	Ambition's Cost
ptk	Cao Cao, Lord of Wei
ptk	Cao Ren, Wei Commander
ptk	Guan Yu's 1,000-Li March
ptk	Coercion
ptk	Corrupt Court Official
ptk	Cunning Advisor
ptk	Deception
ptk	Desperate Charge
ptk	Famine
ptk	Ghostly Visit
ptk	Imperial Edict
ptk	Imperial Seal
ptk	Overwhelming Forces
ptk	Huang Zhong, Shu General
ptk	Poison Arrow
ptk	Return to Battle
ptk	Sima Yi, Wei Field Marshal
ptk	Stolen Grain
ptk	Stone Catapult
ptk	Wei Ambush Force
ptk	Wei Assassins
ptk	Wei Elite Companions
ptk	Wei Infantry
ptk	Wei Night Raiders
ptk	Kongming, "Sleeping Dragon"
ptk	Wei Scout
ptk	Wei Strike Force
ptk	Xiahou Dun, the One-Eyed
ptk	Xun Yu, Wei Advisor
ptk	Young Wei Recruits
ptk	Zhang He, Wei General
ptk	Zhang Liao, Hero of Hefei
ptk	Zodiac Pig
ptk	Zodiac Rat
ptk	Zodiac Snake
pd2	Grim Lavamancer
pd2	Jackal Pup
pd2	Mogg Fanatic
pd2	Spark Elemental
pd2	Figure of Destiny
pd2	Hellspark Elemental
pd2	Keldon Marauders
pd2	Mogg Flunkies
pd2	Cinder Pyromancer
pd2	Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
pd2	Vulshok Sorcerer
pd2	Ball Lightning
pd2	Boggart Ram-Gang
pd2	Keldon Champion
pd2	Fire Servant
pd2	Chain Lightning
pd2	Lightning Bolt
pd2	Price of Progress
pd2	Thunderbolt
pd2	Reverberate
pd2	Browbeat
pd2	Flames of the Blood Hand
pd2	Hammer of Bogardan
pd2	Pillage
pd2	Sudden Impact
pd2	Fireblast
pd2	Fireball
pd2	Barbarian Ring
pd2	Ghitu Encampment
pd2	Teetering Peaks
pd2	Mountain
pd2	Mountain
pd2	Mountain
pd2	Mountain
pd3	Putrid Imp
pd3	Hidden Horror
pd3	Faceless Butcher
pd3	Twisted Abomination
pd3	Crosis, the Purger
pd3	Avatar of Woe
pd3	Terastodon
pd3	Verdant Force
pd3	Sphinx of the Steel Wind
pd3	Inkwell Leviathan
pd3	Blazing Archon
pd3	Cabal Therapy
pd3	Duress
pd3	Entomb
pd3	Reanimate
pd3	Animate Dead
pd3	Exhume
pd3	Sickening Dreams
pd3	Zombie Infestation
pd3	Buried Alive
pd3	Last Rites
pd3	Diabolic Servitude
pd3	Dread Return
pd3	Crystal Vein
pd3	Ebon Stronghold
pd3	Polluted Mire
pd3	Swamp
pd3	Swamp
pd3	Swamp
pd3	Swamp
h09	Metallic Sliver
h09	Virulent Sliver
h09	Amoeboid Changeling
h09	Winged Sliver
h09	Clot Sliver
h09	Frenzy Sliver
h09	Heart Sliver
h09	Gemhide Sliver
h09	Muscle Sliver
h09	Quick Sliver
h09	Crystalline Sliver
h09	Hibernation Sliver
h09	Acidic Sliver
h09	Spined Sliver
h09	Victual Sliver
h09	Armor Sliver
h09	Spectral Sliver
h09	Barbed Sliver
h09	Homing Sliver
h09	Necrotic Sliver
h09	Fungus Sliver
h09	Brood Sliver
h09	Might Sliver
h09	Sliver Overlord
h09	Fury Sliver
h09	Heartstone
h09	Distant Melody
h09	Aphetto Dredging
h09	Coat of Arms
h09	Wild Pair
h09	Ancient Ziggurat
h09	Rootbound Crag
h09	Rupture Spire
h09	Terramorphic Expanse
h09	Vivid Creek
h09	Vivid Grove
h09	Plains
h09	Island
h09	Swamp
h09	Mountain
h09	Forest
ppre	Dirtcowl Wurm
ppre	Revenant
ppre	Monstrous Hound
ppre	Lightning Dragon
ppre	Beast of Burden
ppre	Lu Bu, Master-at-Arms
ppre	False Prophet
ppre	Lu Bu, Master-at-Arms
ppre	Overtaker
ppre	Rathi Assassin
ppre	Avatar of Hope
ppre	Raging Kavu
ppre	Questing Phelddagrif
ppre	Fungal Shambler
ppre	Stone-Tongue Basilisk
ppre	Laquatus's Champion
ppre	Glory
ppre	Silent Specter
ppre	Feral Throwback
ppre	Soul Collector
ppre	Sword of Kaldra
ppre	Shield of Kaldra
ppre	Helm of Kaldra
ppre	Ryusei, the Falling Star
ppre	Ink-Eyes, Servant of Oni
ppre	Kiyomaro, First to Stand
ppre	Gleancrawler
ppre	Djinn Illuminatus
ppre	Avatar of Discord
ppre	Allosaurus Rider
ppre	Lotus Bloom
ppre	Oros, the Avenger
ppre	Korlash, Heir to Blackblade
ppre	Wren's Run Packmaster
ppre	Door of Destinies
ppre	Demigod of Revenge
ppre	Overbeing of Myth
ppre	Ajani Vengeant
ppre	Malfegor
ppre	Dragon Broodmother
ppre	Vampire Nocturnus
ppre	Rampaging Baloths
ppre	Comet Storm
ppre	Emrakul, the Aeons Torn
ppre	Sun Titan
ppre	Wurmcoil Engine
ppre	Hero of Bladehold
ppre	Glissa, the Traitor
ppre	Sheoldred, Whispering One
ppre	Bloodlord of Vaasgoth
ppre	Mayor of Avabruck
ppre	Howlpack Alpha
ppre	Ravenous Demon
ppre	Archdemon of Greed
ppre	Moonsilver Spear
ppre	Xathrid Gorgon
ppre	Archon of the Triumvirate
ppre	Hypersonic Dragon
ppre	Carnival Hellsteed
ppre	Corpsejack Menace
ppre	Grove of the Guardian
ppre	Consuming Aberration
ppre	Fathom Mage
ppre	Foundry Champion
ppre	Rubblehulk
ppre	Treasury Thrull
ppre	Maze's End
ppre	Plains
ppre	Megantic Sliver
ppre	Celestial Archon
ppre	Shipbreaker Kraken
ppre	Abhorrent Overlord
ppre	Ember Swallower
ppre	Anthousa, Setessan Hero
ppre	Silent Sentinel
ppre	Arbiter of the Ideal
ppre	Eater of Hope
ppre	Forgestoker Dragon
ppre	Nessian Wilds Ravager
ppre	Dawnbringer Charioteers
ppre	Scourge of Fleets
ppre	Doomwake Giant
ppre	Spawn of Thraxes
ppre	Heroes' Bane
ppre	Resolute Archangel
ppre	Mercurial Pretender
ppre	Indulgent Tormentor
ppre	Siege Dragon
ppre	Phytotitan
ppre	Abzan Ascendancy
ppre	Anafenza, the Foremost
ppre	Ankle Shanker
ppre	Avalanche Tusker
ppre	Bloodsoaked Champion
ppre	Butcher of the Horde
ppre	Crackling Doom
ppre	Crater's Claws
ppre	Deflecting Palm
ppre	Dig Through Time
ppre	Dragon-Style Twins
ppre	Duneblast
ppre	Flying Crane Technique
ppre	Grim Haruspex
ppre	Hardened Scales
ppre	Herald of Anafenza
ppre	High Sentinels of Arashin
ppre	Icy Blast
ppre	Ivorytusk Fortress
ppre	Jeering Instigator
ppre	Jeskai Ascendancy
ppre	Kheru Lich Lord
ppre	Mardu Ascendancy
ppre	Master of Pearls
ppre	Narset, Enlightened Master
ppre	Necropolis Fiend
ppre	Rakshasa Vizier
ppre	Rattleclaw Mystic
ppre	Sage of the Inward Eye
ppre	Sidisi, Brood Tyrant
ppre	Siege Rhino
ppre	Sultai Ascendancy
ppre	Surrak Dragonclaw
ppre	Temur Ascendancy
ppre	Thousand Winds
ppre	Trail of Mystery
ppre	Trap Essence
ppre	Utter End
ppre	Villainous Wealth
ppre	Zurgo Helmsmasher
ppre	Alesha, Who Smiles at Death
ppre	Arcbond
ppre	Archfiend of Depravity
ppre	Atarka, World Render
ppre	Brutal Hordechief
ppre	Daghatar the Adamant
ppre	Dragonscale General
ppre	Dromoka, the Eternal
ppre	Flamerush Rider
ppre	Flamewake Phoenix
ppre	Jeskai Infiltrator
ppre	Kolaghan, the Storm's Fury
ppre	Mardu Strike Leader
ppre	Mastery of the Unseen
ppre	Ojutai, Soul of Winter
ppre	Rally the Ancestors
ppre	Sage-Eye Avengers
ppre	Sandsteppe Mastodon
ppre	Shaman of the Great Hunt
ppre	Shamanic Revelation
ppre	Shu Yun, the Silent Tempest
ppre	Silumgar, the Drifting Death
ppre	Soulfire Grand Master
ppre	Soulflayer
ppre	Supplant Form
ppre	Tasigur, the Golden Fang
ppre	Torrent Elemental
ppre	Warden of the First Tree
ppre	Wildcall
ppre	Yasova Dragonclaw
ppre	Anafenza, Kin-Tree Spirit
ppre	Arashin Foremost
ppre	Arashin Sovereign
ppre	Atarka's Command
ppre	Avatar of the Resolute
ppre	Blessed Reincarnation
ppre	Blood-Chin Fanatic
ppre	Boltwing Marauder
ppre	Crater Elemental
ppre	Damnable Pact
ppre	Deathbringer Regent
ppre	Den Protector
ppre	Dragonlord Atarka
ppre	Dragonlord Dromoka
ppre	Dragonlord Kolaghan
ppre	Dragonlord Ojutai
ppre	Dragonlord Silumgar
ppre	Dromoka's Command
ppre	Foe-Razer Regent
ppre	Harbinger of the Hunt
ppre	Hidden Dragonslayer
ppre	Icefall Regent
ppre	Ire Shaman
ppre	Kolaghan's Command
ppre	Living Lore
ppre	Myth Realized
ppre	Necromaster Dragon
ppre	Ojutai's Command
ppre	Pitiless Horde
ppre	Pristine Skywise
ppre	Profaner of the Dead
ppre	Sidisi, Undead Vizier
ppre	Silumgar Assassin
ppre	Silumgar's Command
ppre	Stratus Dancer
ppre	Sunscorch Regent
ppre	Surrak, the Hunt Caller
ppre	Thunderbreak Regent
ppre	Volcanic Vision
ppre	Zurgo Bellstriker
ppre	Abbot of Keral Keep
ppre	Alhammarret, High Arbiter
ppre	Chandra's Ignition
ppre	Chandra, Fire of Kaladesh
ppre	Dark Petition
ppre	Despoiler of Souls
ppre	Dwynen, Gilt-Leaf Daen
ppre	Embermaw Hellion
ppre	Evolutionary Leap
ppre	Exquisite Firecraft
ppre	Gaea's Revenge
ppre	Gideon's Phalanx
ppre	Gilt-Leaf Winnower
ppre	Goblin Piledriver
ppre	Graveblade Marauder
ppre	Harbinger of the Tides
ppre	Hixus, Prison Warden
ppre	Honored Hierarch
ppre	Jace, Vryn's Prodigy
ppre	Knight of the White Orchard
ppre	Kothophed, Soul Hoarder
ppre	Kytheon's Irregulars
ppre	Kytheon, Hero of Akros
ppre	Languish
ppre	Liliana, Heretical Healer
ppre	Managorger Hydra
ppre	Mizzium Meddler
ppre	Nissa's Revelation
ppre	Nissa, Vastwood Seer
ppre	Outland Colossus
ppre	Pia and Kiran Nalaar
ppre	Priest of the Blood Rite
ppre	Relic Seeker
ppre	Scab-Clan Berserker
ppre	Soulblade Djinn
ppre	Talent of the Telepath
ppre	Thopter Spy Network
ppre	Tragic Arrogance
ppre	Vryn Wingmare
ppre	Willbreaker
ppre	Akoum Firebird
ppre	Akoum Hellkite
ppre	Aligned Hedron Network
ppre	Ally Encampment
ppre	Angelic Captain
ppre	Barrage Tyrant
ppre	Beastcaller Savant
ppre	Blight Herder
ppre	Bring to Light
ppre	Brood Butcher
ppre	Brutal Expulsion
ppre	Canopy Vista
ppre	Cinder Glade
ppre	Conduit of Ruin
ppre	Defiant Bloodlord
ppre	Desolation Twin
ppre	Dragonmaster Outcast
ppre	Drana, Liberator of Malakir
ppre	Drowner of Hope
ppre	Dust Stalker
ppre	Emeria Shepherd
ppre	Endless One
ppre	Exert Influence
ppre	Fathom Feeder
ppre	Felidar Sovereign
ppre	From Beyond
ppre	Gideon, Ally of Zendikar
ppre	Greenwarden of Murasa
ppre	Gruesome Slaughter
ppre	Guardian of Tazeem
ppre	Guul Draz Overseer
ppre	Hero of Goma Fada
ppre	Kiora, Master of the Depths
ppre	Lantern Scout
ppre	Lumbering Falls
ppre	March from the Tomb
ppre	Munda, Ambush Leader
ppre	Nissa's Renewal
ppre	Noyan Dar, Roil Shaper
ppre	Ob Nixilis Reignited
ppre	Oblivion Sower
ppre	Omnath, Locus of Rage
ppre	Oran-Rief Hydra
ppre	Painful Truths
ppre	Part the Waterveil
ppre	Planar Outburst
ppre	Prairie Stream
ppre	Prism Array
ppre	Quarantine Field
ppre	Radiant Flames
ppre	Ruinous Path
ppre	Sanctum of Ugin
ppre	Scatter to the Winds
ppre	Serpentine Spike
ppre	Shambling Vent
ppre	Shrine of the Forsaken Gods
ppre	Sire of Stagnation
ppre	Smoldering Marsh
ppre	Smothering Abomination
ppre	Sunken Hollow
ppre	Ugin's Insight
ppre	Ulamog, the Ceaseless Hunger
ppre	Undergrowth Champion
ppre	Veteran Warleader
ppre	Void Winnower
ppre	Wasteland Strangler
ppre	Woodland Wanderer
ppre	Zada, Hedron Grinder
pcy	Abolish
pcy	Glittering Lion
pcy	Ridgeline Rager
pcy	Scoria Cat
pcy	Search for Survivors
pcy	Searing Wind
pcy	Spur Grappler
pcy	Task Mage Assembly
pcy	Veteran Brawlers
pcy	Whip Sergeant
pcy	Zerapa Minotaur
pcy	Avatar of Might
pcy	Glittering Lynx
pcy	Calming Verse
pcy	Darba
pcy	Dual Nature
pcy	Elephant Resurgence
pcy	Forgotten Harvest
pcy	Jolrael, Empress of Beasts
pcy	Jolrael's Favor
pcy	Living Terrain
pcy	Marsh Boa
pcy	Mungha Wurm
pcy	Jeweled Spirit
pcy	Pygmy Razorback
pcy	Rib Cage Spider
pcy	Root Cage
pcy	Silt Crawler
pcy	Snag
pcy	Spitting Spider
pcy	Spore Frog
pcy	Squirrel Wrangler
pcy	Thresher Beast
pcy	Thrive
pcy	Mageta the Lion
pcy	Verdant Field
pcy	Vintara Elephant
pcy	Vintara Snapper
pcy	Vitalizing Wind
pcy	Wild Might
pcy	Wing Storm
pcy	Chimeric Idol
pcy	Copper-Leaf Angel
pcy	Hollow Warrior
pcy	Keldon Battlewagon
pcy	Mageta's Boon
pcy	Well of Discovery
pcy	Well of Life
pcy	Rhystic Cave
pcy	Wintermoon Mesa
pcy	Mercenary Informer
pcy	Mine Bearer
pcy	Mirror Strike
pcy	Reveille Squad
pcy	Rhystic Circle
pcy	Aura Fracture
pcy	Rhystic Shield
pcy	Samite Sanctuary
pcy	Sheltering Prayers
pcy	Shield Dancer
pcy	Soul Charmer
pcy	Sword Dancer
pcy	Trenching Steed
pcy	Troubled Healer
pcy	Alexi, Zephyr Mage
pcy	Alexi's Cloak
pcy	Avatar of Hope
pcy	Avatar of Will
pcy	Coastal Hornclaw
pcy	Denying Wind
pcy	Excavation
pcy	Foil
pcy	Gulf Squid
pcy	Hazy Homunculus
pcy	Heightened Awareness
pcy	Mana Vapors
pcy	Overburden
pcy	Blessed Wind
pcy	Psychic Theft
pcy	Quicksilver Wall
pcy	Rethink
pcy	Rhystic Deluge
pcy	Rhystic Scrying
pcy	Rhystic Study
pcy	Ribbon Snake
pcy	Shrouded Serpent
pcy	Spiketail Drake
pcy	Spiketail Hatchling
pcy	Celestial Convergence
pcy	Stormwatch Eagle
pcy	Sunken Field
pcy	Troublesome Spirit
pcy	Windscouter
pcy	Withdraw
pcy	Agent of Shauku
pcy	Avatar of Woe
pcy	Bog Elemental
pcy	Bog Glider
pcy	Chilling Apparition
pcy	Diving Griffin
pcy	Coffin Puppets
pcy	Death Charmer
pcy	Despoil
pcy	Endbringer's Revel
pcy	Fen Stalker
pcy	Flay
pcy	Greel, Mind Raker
pcy	Greel's Caress
pcy	Infernal Genesis
pcy	Nakaya Shade
pcy	Entangler
pcy	Noxious Field
pcy	Outbreak
pcy	Pit Raptor
pcy	Plague Fiend
pcy	Plague Wind
pcy	Rebel Informer
pcy	Rhystic Syphon
pcy	Rhystic Tutor
pcy	Soul Strings
pcy	Steal Strength
pcy	Excise
pcy	Wall of Vipers
pcy	Whipstitched Zombie
pcy	Avatar of Fury
pcy	Barbed Field
pcy	Branded Brawlers
pcy	Brutal Suppression
pcy	Citadel of Pain
pcy	Devastate
pcy	Fault Riders
pcy	Fickle Efreet
pcy	Flowering Field
pcy	Flameshot
pcy	Inflame
pcy	Keldon Arsonist
pcy	Keldon Berserker
pcy	Keldon Firebombers
pcy	Latulla, Keldon Overseer
pcy	Latulla's Orders
pcy	Lesser Gargadon
pcy	Panic Attack
pcy	Rhystic Lightning
rav	Auratouched Mage
rav	Conclave Phalanx
rav	Nightmare Void
rav	Ribbons of Night
rav	Roofstalker Wight
rav	Sadistic Augermage
rav	Sewerdreg
rav	Shred Memory
rav	Sins of the Past
rav	Stinkweed Imp
rav	Strands of Undeath
rav	Thoughtpicker Witch
rav	Conclave's Blessing
rav	Undercity Shade
rav	Vigor Mortis
rav	Vindictive Mob
rav	Woebringer Demon
rav	Barbarian Riftcutter
rav	Blockbuster
rav	Breath of Fury
rav	Char
rav	Cleansing Beam
rav	Coalhauler Swine
rav	Courier Hawk
rav	Dogpile
rav	Excruciator
rav	Fiery Conclusion
rav	Flame Fusillade
rav	Flash Conscription
rav	Frenzied Goblin
rav	Galvanic Arc
rav	Goblin Fire Fiend
rav	Goblin Spelunkers
rav	Greater Forgeling
rav	Devouring Light
rav	Hammerfist Giant
rav	Hunted Dragon
rav	Incite Hysteria
rav	Indentured Oaf
rav	Instill Furor
rav	Mindmoil
rav	Molten Sentry
rav	Ordruun Commando
rav	Rain of Embers
rav	Reroute
rav	Divebomber Griffin
rav	Sabertooth Alley Cat
rav	Seismic Spike
rav	Sell-Sword Brute
rav	Smash
rav	Sparkmage Apprentice
rav	Stoneshaker Shaman
rav	Surge of Zeal
rav	Torpid Moloch
rav	Viashino Fangtail
rav	Viashino Slasher
rav	Dromad Purebred
rav	Warp World
rav	War-Torch Goblin
rav	Wojek Embermage
rav	Birds of Paradise
rav	Bramble Elemental
rav	Carven Caryatid
rav	Chord of Calling
rav	Civic Wayfinder
rav	Doubling Season
rav	Dowsing Shaman
rav	Faith's Fetters
rav	Dryad's Caress
rav	Elves of Deep Shadow
rav	Elvish Skysweeper
rav	Farseek
rav	Fists of Ironwood
rav	Gather Courage
rav	Golgari Brownscale
rav	Golgari Grave-Troll
rav	Goliath Spider
rav	Greater Mossdog
rav	Festival of the Guildpact
rav	Hunted Troll
rav	Ivy Dancer
rav	Life from the Loam
rav	Moldervine Cloak
rav	Nullmage Shepherd
rav	Overwhelm
rav	Perilous Forays
rav	Primordial Sage
rav	Recollect
rav	Rolling Spoil
rav	Flickerform
rav	Root-Kin Ally
rav	Scatter the Seeds
rav	Scion of the Wild
rav	Siege Wurm
rav	Stone-Seeder Hierophant
rav	Sundering Vitae
rav	Transluminant
rav	Trophy Hunter
rav	Ursapine
rav	Vinelasher Kudzu
rav	Gate Hound
rav	Agrus Kos, Wojek Veteran
rav	Autochthon Wurm
rav	Bloodbond March
rav	Boros Swiftblade
rav	Brightflame
rav	Chorus of the Conclave
rav	Circu, Dimir Lobotomist
rav	Clutch of the Undercity
rav	Congregation at Dawn
rav	Consult the Necrosages
rav	Bathe in Light
rav	Ghosts of the Innocent
rav	Dark Heart of the Wood
rav	Dimir Cutpurse
rav	Dimir Doppelganger
rav	Dimir Infiltrator
rav	Drooling Groodion
rav	Firemane Angel
rav	Flame-Kin Zealot
rav	Glare of Subdual
rav	Glimpse the Unthinkable
rav	Golgari Germination
rav	Hour of Reckoning
rav	Golgari Rotwurm
rav	Grave-Shell Scarab
rav	Guardian of Vitu-Ghazi
rav	Lightning Helix
rav	Loxodon Hierarch
rav	Mindleech Mass
rav	Moroii
rav	Perplex
rav	Phytohydra
rav	Pollenbright Wings
rav	Hunted Lammasu
rav	Psychic Drain
rav	Putrefy
rav	Rally the Righteous
rav	Razia, Boros Archangel
rav	Razia's Purification
rav	Savra, Queen of the Golgari
rav	Searing Meditation
rav	Seeds of Strength
rav	Selesnya Evangel
rav	Selesnya Sagittars
rav	Leave No Trace
rav	Shambling Shell
rav	Sisters of Stone Death
rav	Skyknight Legionnaire
rav	Sunhome Enforcer
rav	Szadek, Lord of Secrets
rav	Thundersong Trumpeter
rav	Tolsimir Wolfblood
rav	Twisted Justice
rav	Vulturous Zombie
rav	Watchwolf
rav	Light of Sanction
rav	Woodwraith Corrupter
rav	Woodwraith Strangler
rav	Boros Guildmage
rav	Boros Recruit
rav	Centaur Safeguard
rav	Dimir Guildmage
rav	Gaze of the Gorgon
rav	Gleancrawler
rav	Golgari Guildmage
rav	Lurking Informant
rav	Loxodon Gatekeeper
rav	Master Warcraft
rav	Privileged Position
rav	Selesnya Guildmage
rav	Shadow of Doubt
rav	Bloodletter Quill
rav	Boros Signet
rav	Bottled Cloister
rav	Cloudstone Curio
rav	Crown of Convergence
rav	Cyclopean Snare
rav	Nightguard Patrol
rav	Dimir Signet
rav	Glass Golem
rav	Golgari Signet
rav	Grifter's Blade
rav	Junktroller
rav	Leashling
rav	Nullstone Gargoyle
rav	Pariah's Shield
rav	Peregrine Mask
rav	Plague Boiler
rav	Oathsworn Giant
rav	Selesnya Signet
rav	Spectral Searchlight
rav	Sunforger
rav	Terrarion
rav	Voyager Staff
rav	Boros Garrison
rav	Dimir Aqueduct
rav	Duskmantle, House of Shadow
rav	Golgari Rot Farm
rav	Overgrown Tomb
rav	Sandsower
rav	Sacred Foundry
rav	Selesnya Sanctuary
rav	Sunhome, Fortress of the Legion
rav	Svogthos, the Restless Tomb
rav	Temple Garden
rav	Vitu-Ghazi, the City-Tree
rav	Watery Grave
rav	Plains
rav	Plains
rav	Plains
rav	Screeching Griffin
rav	Plains
rav	Island
rav	Island
rav	Island
rav	Island
rav	Swamp
rav	Swamp
rav	Swamp
rav	Swamp
rav	Mountain
rav	Benevolent Ancestor
rav	Seed Spark
rav	Mountain
rav	Mountain
rav	Mountain
rav	Forest
rav	Forest
rav	Forest
rav	Forest
rav	Suppression Field
rav	Three Dreams
rav	Twilight Drover
rav	Veteran Armorer
rav	Votary of the Conclave
rav	Wojek Apothecary
rav	Wojek Siren
rav	Belltower Sphinx
rav	Cerulean Sphinx
rav	Blazing Archon
rav	Compulsive Research
rav	Convolute
rav	Copy Enchantment
rav	Dizzy Spell
rav	Drake Familiar
rav	Dream Leash
rav	Drift of Phantasms
rav	Ethereal Usher
rav	Eye of the Storm
rav	Flight of Fancy
rav	Boros Fury-Shield
rav	Flow of Ideas
rav	Followed Footsteps
rav	Grayscaled Gharial
rav	Grozoth
rav	Halcyon Glaze
rav	Hunted Phantasm
rav	Induce Paranoia
rav	Lore Broker
rav	Mark of Eviction
rav	Mnemonic Nexus
rav	Caregiver
rav	Muddle the Mixture
rav	Peel from Reality
rav	Quickchange
rav	Remand
rav	Snapping Drake
rav	Spawnbroker
rav	Stasis Cell
rav	Surveilling Sprite
rav	Tattered Drake
rav	Telling Time
rav	Chant of Vitu-Ghazi
rav	Terraformer
rav	Tidewater Minion
rav	Tunnel Vision
rav	Vedalken Dismisser
rav	Vedalken Entrancer
rav	Wizened Snitches
rav	Zephyr Spirit
rav	Blood Funnel
rav	Brainspoil
rav	Carrion Howler
rav	Concerted Effort
rav	Clinging Darkness
rav	Dark Confidant
rav	Darkblast
rav	Dimir House Guard
rav	Dimir Machinations
rav	Disembowel
rav	Empty the Catacombs
rav	Golgari Thug
rav	Helldozer
rav	Hex
rav	Conclave Equenaut
rav	Hunted Horror
rav	Infectious Host
rav	Keening Banshee
rav	Last Gasp
rav	Mausoleum Turnkey
rav	Moonlight Bargain
rav	Mortipede
rav	Necromantic Thirst
rav	Necroplasm
rav	Netherborn Phalanx
rtr	Angel of Serenity
rtr	Eyes in the Skies
rtr	Minotaur Aggressor
rtr	Mizzium Mortars
rtr	Pursuit of Flight
rtr	Pyroconvergence
rtr	Racecourse Fury
rtr	Splatter Thug
rtr	Street Spasm
rtr	Survey the Wreckage
rtr	Tenement Crasher
rtr	Traitorous Instinct
rtr	Fencing Ace
rtr	Utvara Hellkite
rtr	Vandalblast
rtr	Viashino Racketeer
rtr	Aerial Predation
rtr	Archweaver
rtr	Axebane Guardian
rtr	Axebane Stag
rtr	Brushstrider
rtr	Centaur's Herald
rtr	Chorus of Might
rtr	Keening Apparition
rtr	Deadbridge Goliath
rtr	Death's Presence
rtr	Drudge Beetle
rtr	Druid's Deliverance
rtr	Gatecreeper Vine
rtr	Giant Growth
rtr	Gobbling Ooze
rtr	Golgari Decoy
rtr	Horncaller's Chant
rtr	Korozda Monitor
rtr	Knightly Valor
rtr	Mana Bloom
rtr	Oak Street Innkeeper
rtr	Rubbleback Rhino
rtr	Savage Surge
rtr	Seek the Horizon
rtr	Slime Molding
rtr	Stonefare Crocodile
rtr	Towering Indrik
rtr	Urban Burgeoning
rtr	Wild Beastmaster
rtr	Martial Law
rtr	Worldspine Wurm
rtr	Abrupt Decay
rtr	Archon of the Triumvirate
rtr	Armada Wurm
rtr	Auger Spree
rtr	Azorius Charm
rtr	Call of the Conclave
rtr	Carnival Hellsteed
rtr	Centaur Healer
rtr	Chemister's Trick
rtr	Palisade Giant
rtr	Collective Blessing
rtr	Common Bond
rtr	Corpsejack Menace
rtr	Counterflux
rtr	Coursers' Accord
rtr	Detention Sphere
rtr	Dramatic Rescue
rtr	Dreadbore
rtr	Dreg Mangler
rtr	Epic Experiment
rtr	Phantom General
rtr	Essence Backlash
rtr	Fall of the Gavel
rtr	Firemind's Foresight
rtr	Goblin Electromancer
rtr	Golgari Charm
rtr	Grisly Salvage
rtr	Havoc Festival
rtr	Hellhole Flailer
rtr	Heroes' Reunion
rtr	Hussar Patrol
rtr	Precinct Captain
rtr	Hypersonic Dragon
rtr	Isperia, Supreme Judge
rtr	Izzet Charm
rtr	Izzet Staticaster
rtr	Jarad, Golgari Lich Lord
rtr	Jarad's Orders
rtr	Korozda Guildmage
rtr	Lotleth Troll
rtr	Loxodon Smiter
rtr	Lyev Skyknight
rtr	Rest in Peace
rtr	Mercurial Chemister
rtr	New Prahv Guildmage
rtr	Nivix Guildmage
rtr	Niv-Mizzet, Dracogenius
rtr	Rakdos Charm
rtr	Rakdos Ragemutt
rtr	Rakdos Ringleader
rtr	Rakdos, Lord of Riots
rtr	Rakdos's Return
rtr	Righteous Authority
rtr	Rootborn Defenses
rtr	Risen Sanctuary
rtr	Rites of Reaping
rtr	Rix Maadi Guildmage
rtr	Search Warrant
rtr	Selesnya Charm
rtr	Skull Rend
rtr	Skymark Roc
rtr	Slaughter Games
rtr	Sluiceway Scorpion
rtr	Spawn of Rix Maadi
rtr	Armory Guard
rtr	Security Blockade
rtr	Sphinx's Revelation
rtr	Supreme Verdict
rtr	Teleportal
rtr	Thoughtflare
rtr	Treasured Find
rtr	Trestle Troll
rtr	Trostani, Selesnya's Voice
rtr	Vitu-Ghazi Guildmage
rtr	Vraska the Unseen
rtr	Wayfaring Temple
rtr	Selesnya Sentry
rtr	Azor's Elocutors
rtr	Blistercoil Weird
rtr	Cryptborn Horror
rtr	Deathrite Shaman
rtr	Dryad Militant
rtr	Frostburn Weird
rtr	Golgari Longlegs
rtr	Growing Ranks
rtr	Judge's Familiar
rtr	Nivmagus Elemental
rtr	Seller of Songbirds
rtr	Rakdos Cackler
rtr	Rakdos Shred-Freak
rtr	Slitherhead
rtr	Sundering Growth
rtr	Vassal Soul
rtr	Azorius Keyrune
rtr	Chromatic Lantern
rtr	Civic Saber
rtr	Codex Shredder
rtr	Golgari Keyrune
rtr	Soul Tithe
rtr	Izzet Keyrune
rtr	Pithing Needle
rtr	Rakdos Keyrune
rtr	Selesnya Keyrune
rtr	Street Sweeper
rtr	Tablet of the Guilds
rtr	Volatile Rig
rtr	Azorius Guildgate
rtr	Blood Crypt
rtr	Golgari Guildgate
rtr	Sphere of Safety
rtr	Grove of the Guardian
rtr	Hallowed Fountain
rtr	Izzet Guildgate
rtr	Overgrown Tomb
rtr	Rakdos Guildgate
rtr	Rogue's Passage
rtr	Selesnya Guildgate
rtr	Steam Vents
rtr	Temple Garden
rtr	Transguild Promenade
rtr	Sunspire Griffin
rtr	Plains
rtr	Plains
rtr	Plains
rtr	Plains
rtr	Plains
rtr	Island
rtr	Island
rtr	Island
rtr	Island
rtr	Island
rtr	Swift Justice
rtr	Swamp
rtr	Swamp
rtr	Swamp
rtr	Swamp
rtr	Swamp
rtr	Mountain
rtr	Mountain
rtr	Mountain
rtr	Mountain
rtr	Mountain
rtr	Trained Caracal
rtr	Forest
rtr	Forest
rtr	Forest
rtr	Forest
rtr	Forest
rtr	Trostani's Judgment
rtr	Aquus Steed
rtr	Arrest
rtr	Blustersquall
rtr	Cancel
rtr	Chronic Flooding
rtr	Conjured Currency
rtr	Crosstown Courier
rtr	Cyclonic Rift
rtr	Dispel
rtr	Doorkeeper
rtr	Downsize
rtr	Faerie Impostor
rtr	Avenging Arrow
rtr	Hover Barrier
rtr	Inaction Injunction
rtr	Inspiration
rtr	Isperia's Skywatch
rtr	Jace, Architect of Thought
rtr	Mizzium Skin
rtr	Paralyzing Grasp
rtr	Psychic Spiral
rtr	Runewing
rtr	Search the City
rtr	Azorius Arrester
rtr	Skyline Predator
rtr	Soulsworn Spirit
rtr	Sphinx of the Chimes
rtr	Stealer of Secrets
rtr	Syncopate
rtr	Tower Drake
rtr	Voidwielder
rtr	Assassin's Strike
rtr	Catacomb Slug
rtr	Cremate
rtr	Azorius Justiciar
rtr	Daggerdrome Imp
rtr	Dark Revenant
rtr	Dead Reveler
rtr	Desecration Demon
rtr	Destroy the Evidence
rtr	Deviant Glee
rtr	Drainpipe Vermin
rtr	Grave Betrayal
rtr	Grim Roustabout
rtr	Launch Party
rtr	Bazaar Krovod
rtr	Mind Rot
rtr	Necropolis Regent
rtr	Ogre Jailbreaker
rtr	Pack Rat
rtr	Perilous Shadow
rtr	Sewer Shambler
rtr	Shrieking Affliction
rtr	Slum Reaper
rtr	Stab Wound
rtr	Tavern Swindler
rtr	Concordia Pegasus
rtr	Terrus Wurm
rtr	Thrill-Kill Assassin
rtr	Ultimate Price
rtr	Underworld Connections
rtr	Zanikev Locust
rtr	Annihilating Fire
rtr	Ash Zealot
rtr	Batterhorn
rtr	Bellows Lizard
rtr	Bloodfray Giant
rtr	Ethereal Armor
rtr	Chaos Imps
rtr	Cobblebrute
rtr	Dynacharge
rtr	Electrickery
rtr	Explosive Impact
rtr	Goblin Rally
rtr	Gore-House Chainwalker
rtr	Guild Feud
rtr	Guttersnipe
rtr	Lobber Crew
3ed	Animate Dead
3ed	Deathlace
3ed	Elvish Archers
3ed	Fastbond
3ed	Fog
3ed	Force of Nature
3ed	Fungusaur
3ed	Gaea's Liege
3ed	Giant Growth
3ed	Giant Spider
3ed	Grizzly Bears
3ed	Hurricane
3ed	Demonic Attorney
3ed	Instill Energy
3ed	Ironroot Treefolk
3ed	Kudzu
3ed	Ley Druid
3ed	Lifeforce
3ed	Lifelace
3ed	Living Artifact
3ed	Living Lands
3ed	Llanowar Elves
3ed	Lure
3ed	Demonic Hordes
3ed	Regeneration
3ed	Regrowth
3ed	Scryb Sprites
3ed	Shanodin Dryads
3ed	Stream of Life
3ed	Thicket Basilisk
3ed	Timber Wolves
3ed	Titania's Song
3ed	Tranquility
3ed	Tsunami
3ed	Demonic Tutor
3ed	Verduran Enchantress
3ed	Wall of Brambles
3ed	Wall of Ice
3ed	Wall of Wood
3ed	Wanderlust
3ed	War Mammoth
3ed	Web
3ed	Wild Growth
3ed	Atog
3ed	Burrowing
3ed	Drain Life
3ed	Chaoslace
3ed	Disintegrate
3ed	Dragon Whelp
3ed	Dwarven Warriors
3ed	Dwarven Weaponsmith
3ed	Earth Elemental
3ed	Earthbind
3ed	Earthquake
3ed	Fire Elemental
3ed	Fireball
3ed	Drudge Skeletons
3ed	Firebreathing
3ed	Flashfires
3ed	Fork
3ed	Goblin Balloon Brigade
3ed	Goblin King
3ed	Granite Gargoyle
3ed	Gray Ogre
3ed	Hill Giant
3ed	Hurloon Minotaur
3ed	Keldon Warlord
3ed	El-Hajjâj
3ed	Kird Ape
3ed	Lightning Bolt
3ed	Magnetic Mountain
3ed	Mountain
3ed	Mana Flare
3ed	Manabarbs
3ed	Mijae Djinn
3ed	Mons's Goblin Raiders
3ed	Orcish Artillery
3ed	Orcish Oriflamme
3ed	Power Surge
3ed	Erg Raiders
3ed	Red Elemental Blast
3ed	Roc of Kher Ridges
3ed	Rock Hydra
3ed	Sacrifice
3ed	Sedge Troll
3ed	Shatter
3ed	Shatterstorm
3ed	Shivan Dragon
3ed	Smoke
3ed	Stone Giant
3ed	Stone Rain
3ed	Evil Presence
3ed	Tunnel
3ed	Uthden Troll
3ed	Wall of Fire
3ed	Wall of Stone
3ed	Wheel of Fortune
3ed	Animate Wall
3ed	Armageddon
3ed	Balance
3ed	Lance
3ed	Benalish Hero
3ed	Black Ward
3ed	Fear
3ed	Blessing
3ed	Blue Ward
3ed	Castle
3ed	Circle of Protection: Black
3ed	Circle of Protection: Blue
3ed	Circle of Protection: Green
3ed	Circle of Protection: Red
3ed	Circle of Protection: White
3ed	Conversion
3ed	Crusade
3ed	Bad Moon
3ed	Frozen Shade
3ed	Death Ward
3ed	Disenchant
3ed	Eye for an Eye
3ed	Farmstead
3ed	Green Ward
3ed	Guardian Angel
3ed	Healing Salve
3ed	Holy Armor
3ed	Holy Strength
3ed	Island Sanctuary
3ed	Gloom
3ed	Karma
3ed	Mesa Pegasus
3ed	Northern Paladin
3ed	Pearled Unicorn
3ed	Personal Incarnation
3ed	Purelace
3ed	Red Ward
3ed	Resurrection
3ed	Reverse Damage
3ed	Howl from Beyond
3ed	Reverse Polarity
3ed	Righteousness
3ed	Samite Healer
3ed	Savannah Lions
3ed	Savannah
3ed	Serra Angel
3ed	Swords to Plowshares
3ed	Veteran Bodyguard
3ed	Wall of Swords
3ed	White Knight
3ed	White Ward
3ed	Hypnotic Specter
3ed	Wrath of God
3ed	Aladdin's Lamp
3ed	Aladdin's Ring
3ed	Ankh of Mishra
3ed	Armageddon Clock
3ed	Basalt Monolith
3ed	Black Vise
3ed	Bottle of Suleiman
3ed	Brass Man
3ed	Celestial Prism
3ed	Lord of the Pit
3ed	Clockwork Beast
3ed	Conservator
3ed	Crystal Rod
3ed	Dancing Scimitar
3ed	Dingus Egg
3ed	Disrupting Scepter
3ed	Dragon Engine
3ed	Ebony Horse
3ed	Flying Carpet
3ed	Glasses of Urza
3ed	Mind Twist
3ed	Helm of Chatzuk
3ed	Howling Mine
3ed	Iron Star
3ed	Ivory Cup
3ed	Ivory Tower
3ed	Jade Monolith
3ed	Jandor's Ring
3ed	Jandor's Saddlebags
3ed	Jayemdae Tome
3ed	Juggernaut
3ed	Nether Shadow
3ed	Kormus Bell
3ed	Library of Leng
3ed	Living Wall
3ed	Mana Vault
3ed	Meekstone
3ed	Millstone
3ed	Mishra's War Machine
3ed	Nevinyrral's Disk
3ed	Obsianus Golem
3ed	Onulet
3ed	Nettling Imp
3ed	Ornithopter
3ed	Primal Clay
3ed	Rocket Launcher
3ed	Rod of Ruin
3ed	Sol Ring
3ed	Soul Net
3ed	Sunglasses of Urza
3ed	The Hive
3ed	The Rack
3ed	Throne of Bone
3ed	Nightmare
3ed	Winter Orb
3ed	Wooden Sphere
3ed	Badlands
3ed	Bayou
3ed	Forest
3ed	Island
3ed	Paralyze
3ed	Plains
3ed	Plateau
3ed	Scrubland
3ed	Swamp
3ed	Black Knight
3ed	Pestilence
3ed	Taiga
3ed	Tropical Island
3ed	Tundra
3ed	Underground Sea
3ed	Volcanic Island
3ed	Plague Rats
3ed	Raise Dead
3ed	Royal Assassin
3ed	Scathe Zombies
3ed	Scavenging Ghoul
3ed	Sengir Vampire
3ed	Simulacrum
3ed	Sorceress Queen
3ed	Bog Wraith
3ed	Terror
3ed	Unholy Strength
3ed	Wall of Bone
3ed	Warp Artifact
3ed	Weakness
3ed	Will-o'-the-Wisp
3ed	Zombie Master
3ed	Air Elemental
3ed	Animate Artifact
3ed	Blue Elemental Blast
3ed	Contract from Below
3ed	Braingeyser
3ed	Clone
3ed	Control Magic
3ed	Copy Artifact
3ed	Counterspell
3ed	Creature Bond
3ed	Drain Power
3ed	Energy Flux
3ed	Feedback
3ed	Flight
3ed	Cursed Land
3ed	Hurkyl's Recall
3ed	Island Fish Jasconius
3ed	Jump
3ed	Lifetap
3ed	Lord of Atlantis
3ed	Magical Hack
3ed	Mahamoti Djinn
3ed	Mana Short
3ed	Merfolk of the Pearl Trident
3ed	Phantasmal Forces
3ed	Dark Ritual
3ed	Phantasmal Terrain
3ed	Phantom Monster
3ed	Pirate Ship
3ed	Power Leak
3ed	Power Sink
3ed	Prodigal Sorcerer
3ed	Psychic Venom
3ed	Reconstruction
3ed	Sea Serpent
3ed	Serendib Efreet
3ed	Darkpact
3ed	Siren's Call
3ed	Sleight of Mind
3ed	Spell Blast
3ed	Stasis
3ed	Steal Artifact
3ed	Thoughtlace
3ed	Unstable Mutation
3ed	Unsummon
3ed	Vesuvan Doppelganger
3ed	Volcanic Eruption
3ed	Deathgrip
3ed	Wall of Air
3ed	Wall of Water
3ed	Water Elemental
3ed	Aspect of Wolf
3ed	Birds of Paradise
3ed	Channel
3ed	Cockatrice
3ed	Craw Wurm
3ed	Crumble
3ed	Desert Twister
roe	All Is Dust
roe	Skittering Invasion
roe	Consume the Meek
roe	Consuming Vapors
roe	Contaminated Ground
roe	Corpsehatch
roe	Curse of Wizardry
roe	Death Cultist
roe	Demonic Appetite
roe	Drana, Kalastria Bloodchief
roe	Dread Drone
roe	Escaped Null
roe	Spawnsire of Ulamog
roe	Essence Feed
roe	Gloomhunter
roe	Guul Draz Assassin
roe	Hellcarver Demon
roe	Induce Despair
roe	Inquisition of Kozilek
roe	Last Kiss
roe	Mortician Beetle
roe	Nighthaze
roe	Nirkana Cutthroat
roe	Ulamog, the Infinite Gyre
roe	Nirkana Revenant
roe	Null Champion
roe	Pawn of Ulamog
roe	Perish the Thought
roe	Pestilence Demon
roe	Repay in Kind
roe	Shrivel
roe	Skeletal Wurm
roe	Suffer the Past
roe	Thought Gorger
roe	Ulamog's Crusher
roe	Vendetta
roe	Virulent Swipe
roe	Zof Shade
roe	Zulaport Enforcer
roe	Akoum Boulderfoot
roe	Battle Rampart
roe	Battle-Rattle Shaman
roe	Brimstone Mage
roe	Brood Birthing
roe	Conquering Manticore
roe	Affa Guard Hound
roe	Devastating Summons
roe	Disaster Radius
roe	Emrakul's Hatcher
roe	Explosive Revelation
roe	Fissure Vent
roe	Flame Slash
roe	Forked Bolt
roe	Goblin Arsonist
roe	Goblin Tunneler
roe	Grotag Siege-Runner
roe	Caravan Escort
roe	Heat Ray
roe	Hellion Eruption
roe	Kargan Dragonlord
roe	Kiln Fiend
roe	Lagac Lizard
roe	Lavafume Invoker
roe	Lord of Shatterskull Pass
roe	Lust for War
roe	Magmaw
roe	Ogre Sentry
roe	Dawnglare Invoker
roe	Rage Nimbus
roe	Raid Bombardment
roe	Rapacious One
roe	Soulsurge Elemental
roe	Spawning Breath
roe	Splinter Twin
roe	Staggershock
roe	Surreal Memoir
roe	Traitorous Instinct
roe	Tuktuk the Explorer
roe	Deathless Angel
roe	Valakut Fireboar
roe	Vent Sentinel
roe	World at War
roe	Wrap in Flames
roe	Ancient Stirrings
roe	Aura Gnarlid
roe	Awakening Zone
roe	Bear Umbra
roe	Beastbreaker of Bala Ged
roe	Boar Umbra
roe	Demystify
roe	Bramblesnap
roe	Broodwarden
roe	Daggerback Basilisk
roe	Gelatinous Genesis
roe	Gigantomancer
roe	Gravity Well
roe	Growth Spasm
roe	Haze Frog
roe	Irresistible Prey
roe	Jaddi Lifestrider
roe	Eland Umbra
roe	Joraga Treespeaker
roe	Kazandu Tuskcaller
roe	Khalni Hydra
roe	Kozilek's Predator
roe	Leaf Arrow
roe	Living Destiny
roe	Might of the Masses
roe	Momentous Fall
roe	Mul Daya Channelers
roe	Naturalize
roe	Artisan of Kozilek
roe	Emerge Unscathed
roe	Nema Siltlurker
roe	Nest Invader
roe	Ondu Giant
roe	Overgrown Battlement
roe	Pelakka Wurm
roe	Prey's Vengeance
roe	Realms Uncharted
roe	Snake Umbra
roe	Spider Umbra
roe	Sporecap Spider
roe	Gideon Jura
roe	Stomper Cub
roe	Tajuru Preserver
roe	Vengevine
roe	Wildheart Invoker
roe	Sarkhan the Mad
roe	Angelheart Vial
roe	Dreamstone Hedron
roe	Enatu Golem
roe	Hedron Matrix
roe	Keening Stone
roe	Glory Seeker
roe	Ogre's Cleaver
roe	Pennon Blade
roe	Prophetic Prism
roe	Reinforced Bulwark
roe	Runed Servitor
roe	Sphinx-Bone Wand
roe	Warmonger's Chariot
roe	Eldrazi Temple
roe	Evolving Wilds
roe	Plains
roe	Guard Duty
roe	Plains
roe	Plains
roe	Plains
roe	Island
roe	Island
roe	Island
roe	Island
roe	Swamp
roe	Swamp
roe	Swamp
roe	Harmless Assault
roe	Swamp
roe	Mountain
roe	Mountain
roe	Mountain
roe	Mountain
roe	Forest
roe	Forest
roe	Forest
roe	Forest
roe	Hedron-Field Purists
roe	Hyena Umbra
roe	Ikiral Outrider
roe	Kabira Vindicator
roe	Knight of Cliffhaven
roe	Eldrazi Conscription
roe	Kor Line-Slinger
roe	Kor Spiritdancer
roe	Lightmine Field
roe	Linvala, Keeper of Silence
roe	Lone Missionary
roe	Luminous Wake
roe	Makindi Griffin
roe	Mammoth Umbra
roe	Near-Death Experience
roe	Nomads' Assembly
roe	Emrakul, the Aeons Torn
roe	Oust
roe	Puncturing Light
roe	Repel the Darkness
roe	Smite
roe	Soul's Attendant
roe	Soulbound Guardians
roe	Stalwart Shield-Bearers
roe	Student of Warfare
roe	Survival Cache
roe	Time of Heroes
roe	Hand of Emrakul
roe	Totem-Guide Hartebeest
roe	Transcendent Master
roe	Umbra Mystic
roe	Wall of Omens
roe	Aura Finesse
roe	Cast Through Time
roe	Champion's Drake
roe	Coralhelm Commander
roe	Crab Umbra
roe	Deprive
roe	Kozilek, Butcher of Truth
roe	Distortion Strike
roe	Domestication
roe	Dormant Gomazoa
roe	Drake Umbra
roe	Echo Mage
roe	Eel Umbra
roe	Enclave Cryptologist
roe	Fleeting Distraction
roe	Frostwind Invoker
roe	Gravitational Shift
roe	It That Betrays
roe	Guard Gomazoa
roe	Hada Spy Patrol
roe	Halimar Wavewatch
roe	Jwari Scuttler
roe	Lay Bare
roe	Lighthouse Chronologist
roe	Merfolk Observer
roe	Merfolk Skyscout
roe	Mnemonic Wall
roe	Narcolepsy
roe	Not of This World
roe	Phantasmal Abomination
roe	Reality Spasm
roe	Recurring Insight
roe	Regress
roe	Renegade Doppelganger
roe	Sea Gate Oracle
roe	See Beyond
roe	Shared Discovery
roe	Skywatcher Adept
roe	Sphinx of Magosi
roe	Pathrazer of Ulamog
roe	Surrakar Spellblade
roe	Training Grounds
roe	Unified Will
roe	Venerated Teacher
roe	Arrogant Bloodlord
roe	Bala Ged Scorpion
roe	Baneful Omen
roe	Bloodrite Invoker
roe	Bloodthrone Vampire
roe	Cadaver Imp
sok	Aether Shockwave
sok	Ghost-Lit Redeemer
sok	Glitterfang
sok	Godo's Irregulars
sok	Hidetsugu's Second Rite
sok	Homura, Human Ascendant
sok	Homura's Essence
sok	Iizuka the Ruthless
sok	Inner Fire
sok	Into the Fray
sok	Jiwari, the Earth Aflame
sok	Oni of Wild Places
sok	Path of Anger's Flame
sok	Hail of Arrows
sok	Rally the Horde
sok	Ronin Cavekeeper
sok	Shinen of Fury's Fire
sok	Skyfire Kirin
sok	Sokenzan Renegade
sok	Sokenzan Spellblade
sok	Spiraling Embers
sok	Sunder from Within
sok	Thoughts of Ruin
sok	Undying Flames
sok	Hand of Honor
sok	Yuki-Onna
sok	Arashi, the Sky Asunder
sok	Ayumi, the Last Visitor
sok	Bounteous Kirin
sok	Briarknit Kami
sok	Dense Canopy
sok	Descendant of Masumaro
sok	Dosan's Oldest Chant
sok	Elder Pine of Jukai
sok	Endless Swarm
sok	Inner-Chamber Guard
sok	Fiddlehead Kami
sok	Ghost-Lit Nourisher
sok	Haru-Onna
sok	Inner Calm, Outer Strength
sok	Kami of the Tended Garden
sok	Kashi-Tribe Elite
sok	Masumaro, First to Live
sok	Matsu-Tribe Birdstalker
sok	Molting Skin
sok	Nightsoil Kami
sok	Kataki, War's Wage
sok	Okina Nightwatch
sok	Promised Kannushi
sok	Reki, the History of Kamigawa
sok	Rending Vines
sok	Sakura-Tribe Scout
sok	Sasaya, Orochi Ascendant
sok	Sasaya's Essence
sok	Seed the Land
sok	Seek the Horizon
sok	Sekki, Seasons' Guide
sok	Shinen of Life's Roar
sok	Kitsune Bonesetter
sok	Stampeding Serow
sok	Iname as One
sok	Ashes of the Fallen
sok	Blood Clock
sok	Ebony Owl Netsuke
sok	Ivory Crane Netsuke
sok	Manriki-Gusari
sok	O-Naginata
sok	Pithing Needle
sok	Scroll of Origins
sok	Kitsune Dawnblade
sok	Soratami Cloud Chariot
sok	Wine of Blood and Iron
sok	Mikokoro, Center of the Sea
sok	Miren, the Moaning Well
sok	Oboro, Palace in the Clouds
sok	Tomb of Urami
sok	Kitsune Loreweaver
sok	Kiyomaro, First to Stand
sok	Michiko Konda, Truth Seeker
sok	Araba Mothrider
sok	Moonwing Moth
sok	Nikko-Onna
sok	Plow Through Reito
sok	Presence of the Wise
sok	Promise of Bunrei
sok	Pure Intentions
sok	Reverence
sok	Rune-Tail, Kitsune Ascendant
sok	Rune-Tail's Essence
sok	Shinen of Stars' Light
sok	Spiritual Visit
sok	Celestial Kirin
sok	Torii Watchward
sok	Cloudhoof Kirin
sok	Cut the Earthly Bond
sok	Descendant of Soramaro
sok	Dreamcatcher
sok	Erayo, Soratami Ascendant
sok	Erayo's Essence
sok	Eternal Dominion
sok	Evermind
sok	Freed from the Real
sok	Ghost-Lit Warder
sok	Charge Across the Araba
sok	Ideas Unbound
sok	Kaho, Minamo Historian
sok	Kami of the Crescent Moon
sok	Kiri-Onna
sok	Meishin, the Mind Cage
sok	Minamo Scrollkeeper
sok	Moonbow Illusionist
sok	Murmurs from Beyond
sok	Oboro Breezecaller
sok	Oboro Envoy
sok	Cowed by Wisdom
sok	Oppressive Will
sok	Overwhelming Intellect
sok	Rushing-Tide Zubera
sok	Sakashima the Impostor
sok	Secretkeeper
sok	Shape Stealer
sok	Shifting Borders
sok	Shinen of Flight's Wings
sok	Soramaro, First to Dream
sok	Trusted Advisor
sok	Curtain of Light
sok	Twincast
sok	Akuta, Born of Ash
sok	Choice of Damnations
sok	Death Denied
sok	Death of a Thousand Stings
sok	Deathknell Kami
sok	Deathmask Nezumi
sok	Exile into Darkness
sok	Footsteps of the Goryo
sok	Ghost-Lit Stalker
sok	Descendant of Kiyomaro
sok	Gnat Miser
sok	Hand of Cruelty
sok	Infernal Kirin
sok	Kagemaro, First to Suffer
sok	Kagemaro's Clutch
sok	Kami of Empty Graves
sok	Kemuri-Onna
sok	Kiku's Shadow
sok	Kuon, Ogre Ascendant
sok	Kuon's Essence
sok	Kuro's Taken
sok	Eiganjo Free-Riders
sok	Locust Miser
sok	Maga, Traitor to Mortals
sok	Measure of Wickedness
sok	Neverending Torment
sok	One with Nothing
sok	Pain's Reward
sok	Raving Oni-Slave
sok	Razorjaw Oni
sok	Shinen of Fear's Chill
sok	Sink into Takenuma
sok	Enduring Ideal
sok	Skull Collector
sok	Adamaro, First to Desire
sok	Akki Drillmaster
sok	Akki Underling
sok	Barrel Down Sokenzan
sok	Burning-Eye Zubera
sok	Captive Flame
sok	Feral Lightning
sok	Gaze of Adamaro
sok	Ghost-Lit Raider
som	Abuna Acolyte
som	Glint Hawk
som	Oxidda Daredevil
som	Oxidda Scrapmelter
som	Scoria Elemental
som	Shatter
som	Spikeshot Elder
som	Tunnel Ignus
som	Turn to Slag
som	Vulshok Heartstoker
som	Acid Web Spider
som	Alpha Tyrranax
som	Indomitable Archangel
som	Asceticism
som	Bellowing Tanglewurm
som	Blight Mamba
som	Blunt the Assault
som	Carapace Forger
som	Carrion Call
som	Copperhorn Scout
som	Cystbearer
som	Engulfing Slagwurm
som	Ezuri, Renegade Leader
som	Kemba, Kha Regent
som	Ezuri's Archers
som	Ezuri's Brigade
som	Genesis Wave
som	Liege of the Tangle
som	Lifesmith
som	Molder Beast
som	Putrefax
som	Slice in Twain
som	Tangle Angler
som	Tel-Jilad Defiance
som	Kemba's Skyguard
som	Tel-Jilad Fallen
som	Untamed Might
som	Viridian Revel
som	Wing Puncture
som	Withstand Death
som	Venser, the Sojourner
som	Accorder's Shield
som	Argentum Armor
som	Auriok Replica
som	Barbed Battlegear
som	Leonin Arbiter
som	Bladed Pinions
som	Chimeric Mass
som	Chrome Steed
som	Clone Shell
som	Contagion Clasp
som	Contagion Engine
som	Copper Myr
som	Corpse Cur
som	Culling Dais
som	Darksteel Axe
som	Loxodon Wayfarer
som	Darksteel Juggernaut
som	Darksteel Myr
som	Darksteel Sentinel
som	Echo Circlet
som	Etched Champion
som	Flight Spellbomb
som	Glint Hawk Idol
som	Gold Myr
som	Golden Urn
som	Golem Artisan
som	Myrsmith
som	Golem Foundry
som	Golem's Heart
som	Grafted Exoskeleton
som	Grindclock
som	Heavy Arbalest
som	Horizon Spellbomb
som	Ichorclaw Myr
som	Infiltration Lens
som	Iron Myr
som	Kuldotha Forgemaster
som	Razor Hippogriff
som	Leaden Myr
som	Liquimetal Coating
som	Livewire Lash
som	Lux Cannon
som	Memnite
som	Mimic Vat
som	Mindslaver
som	Molten-Tail Masticore
som	Moriok Replica
som	Mox Opal
som	Revoke Existence
som	Myr Battlesphere
som	Myr Galvanizer
som	Myr Propagator
som	Myr Reservoir
som	Necrogen Censer
som	Necropede
som	Neurok Replica
som	Nihil Spellbomb
som	Nim Deathmantle
som	Origin Spellbomb
som	Salvage Scout
som	Palladium Myr
som	Panic Spellbomb
som	Perilous Myr
som	Platinum Emperion
som	Precursor Golem
som	Prototype Portal
som	Ratchet Bomb
som	Razorfield Thresher
som	Rust Tick
som	Rusted Relic
som	Arrest
som	Seize the Initiative
som	Saberclaw Golem
som	Semblance Anvil
som	Silver Myr
som	Snapsail Glider
som	Soliton
som	Steel Hellkite
som	Strata Scythe
som	Strider Harness
som	Sword of Body and Mind
som	Sylvok Lifestaff
som	Soul Parry
som	Sylvok Replica
som	Throne of Geth
som	Tower of Calamities
som	Trigon of Corruption
som	Trigon of Infestation
som	Trigon of Mending
som	Trigon of Rage
som	Trigon of Thought
som	Tumble Magnet
som	Vector Asp
som	Sunblast Angel
som	Venser's Journal
som	Vulshok Replica
som	Wall of Tanglecord
som	Wurmcoil Engine
som	Blackcleave Cliffs
som	Copperline Gorge
som	Darkslick Shores
som	Glimmerpost
som	Razorverge Thicket
som	Seachrome Coast
som	Sunspear Shikari
som	Plains
som	Plains
som	Plains
som	Plains
som	Island
som	Island
som	Island
som	Island
som	Swamp
som	Swamp
som	Tempered Steel
som	Swamp
som	Swamp
som	Mountain
som	Mountain
som	Mountain
som	Mountain
som	Forest
som	Forest
som	Forest
som	Forest
som	True Conviction
som	Vigil for the Lost
som	Whitesun's Passage
som	Argent Sphinx
som	Bonds of Quicksilver
som	Auriok Edgewright
som	Darkslick Drake
som	Disperse
som	Dissipation Field
som	Grand Architect
som	Halt Order
som	Inexorable Tide
som	Lumengrid Drake
som	Neurok Invisimancer
som	Plated Seastrider
som	Quicksilver Gargantuan
som	Auriok Sunchaser
som	Riddlesmith
som	Scrapdiver Serpent
som	Screeching Silcaw
som	Shape Anew
som	Sky-Eel School
som	Steady Progress
som	Stoic Rebuttal
som	Thrummingbird
som	Trinket Mage
som	Turn Aside
som	Dispense Justice
som	Twisted Image
som	Vault Skyward
som	Vedalken Certarch
som	Volition Reins
som	Blackcleave Goblin
som	Bleak Coven Vampires
som	Blistergrub
som	Carnifex Demon
som	Contagious Nim
som	Corrupted Harvester
som	Elspeth Tirel
som	Dross Hopper
som	Exsanguinate
som	Flesh Allergy
som	Fume Spitter
som	Geth, Lord of the Vault
som	Grasp of Darkness
som	Hand of the Praetors
som	Ichor Rats
som	Instill Infection
som	Memoricide
som	Fulgent Distraction
som	Moriok Reaver
som	Necrogen Scudder
som	Necrotic Ooze
som	Painful Quandary
som	Painsmith
som	Plague Stinger
som	Psychic Miasma
som	Relic Putrescence
som	Skinrender
som	Skithiryx, the Blight Dragon
som	Ghalma's Warden
som	Tainted Strike
som	Arc Trail
som	Assault Strobe
som	Barrage Ogre
som	Blade-Tribe Berserkers
som	Bloodshot Trainee
som	Cerebral Eruption
som	Embersmith
som	Ferrovore
som	Flameborn Hellion
som	Glimmerpoint Stag
som	Furnace Celebration
som	Galvanic Blast
som	Goblin Gaveleer
som	Hoard-Smelter Dragon
som	Koth of the Hammer
som	Kuldotha Phoenix
som	Kuldotha Rebirth
som	Melt Terrain
som	Molten Psyche
som	Ogre Geargrabber
scg	Ageless Sentinels
scg	Dragon Scales
scg	Pyrostatic Pillar
scg	Rock Jockey
scg	Scattershot
scg	Siege-Gang Commander
scg	Skirk Volcanist
scg	Spark Spray
scg	Sulfuric Vortex
scg	Torrent of Fire
scg	Uncontrolled Infestation
scg	Accelerated Mutation
scg	Dragonstalker
scg	Alpha Status
scg	Ambush Commander
scg	Ancient Ooze
scg	Break Asunder
scg	Claws of Wirewood
scg	Decree of Savagery
scg	Divergent Growth
scg	Dragon Fangs
scg	Elvish Aberration
scg	Fierce Empath
scg	Eternal Dragon
scg	Forgotten Ancient
scg	Hunting Pack
scg	Krosan Drover
scg	Krosan Warchief
scg	Kurgadon
scg	One with Nature
scg	Primitive Etchings
scg	Root Elemental
scg	Sprouting Vines
scg	Titanic Bulvox
scg	Exiled Doomsayer
scg	Treetop Scout
scg	Upwelling
scg	Wirewood Guardian
scg	Wirewood Symbiote
scg	Woodcloaker
scg	Xantid Swarm
scg	Bladewing the Risen
scg	Edgewalker
scg	Karona, False God
scg	Sliver Overlord
scg	Force Bubble
scg	Ark of Blight
scg	Proteus Machine
scg	Stabilizer
scg	Temple of the False God
scg	Frontline Strategist
scg	Gilded Light
scg	Guilty Conscience
scg	Karona's Zealot
scg	Noble Templar
scg	Astral Steel
scg	Rain of Blades
scg	Recuperate
scg	Reward the Faithful
scg	Silver Knight
scg	Trap Digger
scg	Wing Shards
scg	Wipe Clean
scg	Zealous Inquisitor
scg	Aphetto Runecaster
scg	Brain Freeze
scg	Aven Farseer
scg	Coast Watcher
scg	Day of the Dragons
scg	Decree of Silence
scg	Dispersal Shield
scg	Dragon Wings
scg	Faces of the Past
scg	Frozen Solid
scg	Hindering Touch
scg	Long-Term Plans
scg	Mercurial Kite
scg	Aven Liberator
scg	Metamorphose
scg	Mind's Desire
scg	Mischievous Quanar
scg	Mistform Warchief
scg	Parallel Thoughts
scg	Pemmin's Aura
scg	Raven Guild Initiate
scg	Raven Guild Master
scg	Riptide Survivor
scg	Rush of Knowledge
scg	Daru Spiritualist
scg	Scornful Egotist
scg	Shoreline Ranger
scg	Stifle
scg	Temporal Fissure
scg	Thundercloud Elemental
scg	Bladewing's Thrall
scg	Cabal Conditioning
scg	Cabal Interrogator
scg	Call to the Grave
scg	Carrion Feeder
scg	Daru Warchief
scg	Chill Haunting
scg	Clutch of Undeath
scg	Consumptive Goo
scg	Death's-Head Buzzard
scg	Decree of Pain
scg	Dragon Shadow
scg	Fatal Mutation
scg	Final Punishment
scg	Lethal Vapors
scg	Lingering Death
scg	Dawn Elemental
scg	Nefashu
scg	Putrid Raptor
scg	Reaping the Graves
scg	Skulltap
scg	Soul Collector
scg	Tendrils of Agony
scg	Twisted Abomination
scg	Unburden
scg	Undead Warchief
scg	Unspeakable Symbol
scg	Decree of Justice
scg	Vengeful Dead
scg	Zombie Cutthroat
scg	Bonethorn Valesk
scg	Carbonize
scg	Chartooth Cougar
scg	Decree of Annihilation
scg	Dragon Breath
scg	Dragon Mage
scg	Dragon Tyrant
scg	Dragonspeaker Shaman
scg	Dimensional Breach
scg	Dragonstorm
scg	Enrage
scg	Extra Arms
scg	Form of the Dragon
scg	Goblin Brigand
scg	Goblin Psychopath
scg	Goblin War Strike
scg	Goblin Warchief
scg	Grip of Chaos
scg	Misguided Rage
7ed	Angelic Page
7ed	Circle of Protection: White
7ed	Storm Crow
7ed	Telepathic Spies
7ed	Telepathy
7ed	Temporal Adept
7ed	Thieving Magpie
7ed	Tolarian Winds
7ed	Treasure Trove
7ed	Twiddle
7ed	Unsummon
7ed	Vigilant Drake
7ed	Cloudchaser Eagle
7ed	Vizzerdrix
7ed	Wall of Air
7ed	Wall of Wonder
7ed	Wind Dancer
7ed	Wind Drake
7ed	Abyssal Horror
7ed	Abyssal Specter
7ed	Agonizing Memories
7ed	Befoul
7ed	Bellowing Fiend
7ed	Crossbow Infantry
7ed	Bereavement
7ed	Blood Pet
7ed	Bog Imp
7ed	Bog Wraith
7ed	Corrupt
7ed	Crypt Rats
7ed	Dakmor Lancer
7ed	Dark Banishing
7ed	Darkest Hour
7ed	Dregs of Sorrow
7ed	Disenchant
7ed	Drudge Skeletons
7ed	Duress
7ed	Eastern Paladin
7ed	Engineered Plague
7ed	Fallen Angel
7ed	Fear
7ed	Foul Imp
7ed	Fugue
7ed	Giant Cockroach
7ed	Gravedigger
7ed	Eager Cadet
7ed	Greed
7ed	Hollow Dogs
7ed	Howl from Beyond
7ed	Infernal Contract
7ed	Leshrac's Rite
7ed	Looming Shade
7ed	Megrim
7ed	Mind Rot
7ed	Nausea
7ed	Necrologia
7ed	Elite Archers
7ed	Nightmare
7ed	Nocturnal Raid
7ed	Oppression
7ed	Ostracize
7ed	Persecute
7ed	Plague Beetle
7ed	Rag Man
7ed	Raise Dead
7ed	Razortooth Rats
7ed	Reprocess
7ed	Gerrard's Wisdom
7ed	Revenant
7ed	Scathe Zombies
7ed	Serpent Warrior
7ed	Soul Feast
7ed	Spineless Thug
7ed	Strands of Night
7ed	Stronghold Assassin
7ed	Tainted Aether
7ed	Unholy Strength
7ed	Wall of Bone
7ed	Glorious Anthem
7ed	Western Paladin
7ed	Yawgmoth's Edict
7ed	Aether Flash
7ed	Balduvian Barbarians
7ed	Bedlam
7ed	Blaze
7ed	Bloodshot Cyclops
7ed	Boil
7ed	Crimson Hellkite
7ed	Disorder
7ed	Healing Salve
7ed	Earthquake
7ed	Fervor
7ed	Final Fortune
7ed	Fire Elemental
7ed	Ghitu Fire-Eater
7ed	Goblin Chariot
7ed	Goblin Digging Team
7ed	Goblin Elite Infantry
7ed	Goblin Gardener
7ed	Goblin Glider
7ed	Heavy Ballista
7ed	Goblin King
7ed	Goblin Matron
7ed	Goblin Raider
7ed	Goblin Spelunkers
7ed	Goblin War Drums
7ed	Granite Grip
7ed	Hill Giant
7ed	Impatience
7ed	Inferno
7ed	Lava Axe
7ed	Ardent Militia
7ed	Holy Strength
7ed	Lightning Blast
7ed	Lightning Elemental
7ed	Mana Clash
7ed	Ogre Taskmaster
7ed	Okk
7ed	Orcish Artillery
7ed	Orcish Oriflamme
7ed	Pillage
7ed	Pygmy Pyrosaur
7ed	Pyroclasm
7ed	Honor Guard
7ed	Pyrotechnics
7ed	Raging Goblin
7ed	Reckless Embermage
7ed	Reflexes
7ed	Relentless Assault
7ed	Sabretooth Tiger
7ed	Seismic Assault
7ed	Shatter
7ed	Shivan Dragon
7ed	Shock
7ed	Intrepid Hero
7ed	Spitting Earth
7ed	Stone Rain
7ed	Storm Shaman
7ed	Sudden Impact
7ed	Trained Orgg
7ed	Tremor
7ed	Volcanic Hammer
7ed	Wall of Fire
7ed	Wildfire
7ed	Anaconda
7ed	Kjeldoran Royal Guard
7ed	Ancient Silverback
7ed	Birds of Paradise
7ed	Blanchwood Armor
7ed	Bull Hippo
7ed	Canopy Spider
7ed	Compost
7ed	Creeping Mold
7ed	Early Harvest
7ed	Elder Druid
7ed	Elvish Archers
7ed	Knight Errant
7ed	Elvish Champion
7ed	Elvish Lyrist
7ed	Elvish Piper
7ed	Familiar Ground
7ed	Femeref Archers
7ed	Fog
7ed	Fyndhorn Elder
7ed	Gang of Elk
7ed	Giant Growth
7ed	Giant Spider
7ed	Knighthood
7ed	Gorilla Chieftain
7ed	Grizzly Bears
7ed	Hurricane
7ed	Llanowar Elves
7ed	Lone Wolf
7ed	Lure
7ed	Maro
7ed	Might of Oaks
7ed	Monstrous Growth
7ed	Nature's Resurgence
7ed	Longbow Archer
7ed	Nature's Revolt
7ed	Pride of Lions
7ed	Rampant Growth
7ed	Reclaim
7ed	Redwood Treefolk
7ed	Regeneration
7ed	Rowen
7ed	Scavenger Folk
7ed	Seeker of Skybreak
7ed	Shanodin Dryads
7ed	Master Healer
7ed	Spined Wurm
7ed	Squall
7ed	Stream of Life
7ed	Thorn Elemental
7ed	Thoughtleech
7ed	Trained Armodon
7ed	Tranquility
7ed	Treefolk Seedlings
7ed	Uktabi Wildcats
7ed	Untamed Wilds
7ed	Northern Paladin
7ed	Verduran Enchantress
7ed	Vernal Bloom
7ed	Wild Growth
7ed	Wing Snare
7ed	Wood Elves
7ed	Yavimaya Enchantress
7ed	Aladdin's Ring
7ed	Beast of Burden
7ed	Caltrops
7ed	Charcoal Diamond
7ed	Pacifism
7ed	Coat of Arms
7ed	Crystal Rod
7ed	Dingus Egg
7ed	Disrupting Scepter
7ed	Ensnaring Bridge
7ed	Feroz's Ban
7ed	Fire Diamond
7ed	Flying Carpet
7ed	Grafted Skullcap
7ed	Grapeshot Catapult
7ed	Blessed Reversal
7ed	Pariah
7ed	Howling Mine
7ed	Iron Star
7ed	Ivory Cup
7ed	Jalum Tome
7ed	Jandor's Saddlebags
7ed	Jayemdae Tome
7ed	Marble Diamond
7ed	Meekstone
7ed	Millstone
7ed	Moss Diamond
7ed	Purify
7ed	Patagia Golem
7ed	Phyrexian Colossus
7ed	Phyrexian Hulk
7ed	Pit Trap
7ed	Rod of Ruin
7ed	Sisay's Ring
7ed	Sky Diamond
7ed	Soul Net
7ed	Spellbook
7ed	Static Orb
7ed	Razorfoot Griffin
7ed	Storm Cauldron
7ed	Teferi's Puzzle Box
7ed	Throne of Bone
7ed	Wall of Spears
7ed	Wooden Sphere
7ed	Adarkar Wastes
7ed	Brushland
7ed	City of Brass
7ed	Forest
7ed	Forest
7ed	Reprisal
7ed	Forest
7ed	Forest
7ed	Island
7ed	Island
7ed	Island
7ed	Island
7ed	Karplusan Forest
7ed	Mountain
7ed	Mountain
7ed	Mountain
7ed	Reverse Damage
7ed	Mountain
7ed	Plains
7ed	Plains
7ed	Plains
7ed	Plains
7ed	Sulfurous Springs
7ed	Swamp
7ed	Swamp
7ed	Swamp
7ed	Swamp
7ed	Rolling Stones
7ed	Underground River
7ed	Sacred Ground
7ed	Sacred Nectar
7ed	Samite Healer
7ed	Sanctimony
7ed	Breath of Life
7ed	Seasoned Marshal
7ed	Serra Advocate
7ed	Serra Angel
7ed	Serra's Embrace
7ed	Shield Wall
7ed	Skyshroud Falcon
7ed	Southern Paladin
7ed	Spirit Link
7ed	Standing Troops
7ed	Starlight
7ed	Castle
7ed	Staunch Defenders
7ed	Sunweb
7ed	Sustainer of the Realm
7ed	Venerable Monk
7ed	Vengeance
7ed	Wall of Swords
7ed	Worship
7ed	Wrath of God
7ed	Air Elemental
7ed	Ancestral Memories
7ed	Circle of Protection: Black
7ed	Arcane Laboratory
7ed	Archivist
7ed	Baleful Stare
7ed	Benthic Behemoth
7ed	Boomerang
7ed	Confiscate
7ed	Coral Merfolk
7ed	Counterspell
7ed	Daring Apprentice
7ed	Deflection
7ed	Circle of Protection: Blue
7ed	Delusions of Mediocrity
7ed	Equilibrium
7ed	Evacuation
7ed	Fighting Drake
7ed	Fleeting Image
7ed	Flight
7ed	Force Spike
7ed	Giant Octopus
7ed	Glacial Wall
7ed	Hibernation
7ed	Circle of Protection: Green
7ed	Horned Turtle
7ed	Inspiration
7ed	Levitation
7ed	Lord of Atlantis
7ed	Mahamoti Djinn
7ed	Mana Breach
7ed	Mana Short
7ed	Mawcor
7ed	Memory Lapse
7ed	Merfolk Looter
7ed	Circle of Protection: Red
7ed	Merfolk of the Pearl Trident
7ed	Opportunity
7ed	Opposition
7ed	Phantom Warrior
7ed	Prodigal Sorcerer
7ed	Remove Soul
7ed	Sage Owl
7ed	Sea Monster
7ed	Sleight of Hand
7ed	Steal Artifact
shm	Apothecary Initiate
shm	Kithkin Shielddare
shm	Mudbrawler Cohort
shm	Power of Fire
shm	Puncture Bolt
shm	Pyre Charger
shm	Rage Reflection
shm	Rustrazor Butcher
shm	Slinking Giant
shm	Smash to Smithereens
shm	Wild Swing
shm	Crabapple Cohort
shm	Last Breath
shm	Devoted Druid
shm	Dramatic Entrance
shm	Drove of Elves
shm	Farhaven Elf
shm	Flourishing Defenses
shm	Foxfire Oak
shm	Gleeful Sabotage
shm	Gloomwidow
shm	Gloomwidow's Feast
shm	Howl of the Night Pack
shm	Mass Calcify
shm	Hungry Spriggan
shm	Juvenile Gloomwidow
shm	Mana Reflection
shm	Mossbridge Troll
shm	Nurturer Initiate
shm	Presence of Gond
shm	Prismatic Omen
shm	Raking Canopy
shm	Roughshod Mentor
shm	Spawnwrithe
shm	Mine Excavation
shm	Toil to Renown
shm	Tower Above
shm	Viridescent Wisps
shm	Wildslayer Elves
shm	Witherscale Wurm
shm	Woodfall Primus
shm	Aethertow
shm	Augury Adept
shm	Barrenton Cragtreads
shm	Curse of Chains
shm	Mistmeadow Skulk
shm	Enchanted Evening
shm	Glamer Spinners
shm	Godhead of Awe
shm	Mirrorweave
shm	Mistmeadow Witch
shm	Plumeveil
shm	Puresight Merrow
shm	Repel Intruders
shm	Silkbind Faerie
shm	Somnomancer
shm	Niveous Wisps
shm	Steel of the Godhead
shm	Swans of Bryn Argoll
shm	Thistledown Duo
shm	Thistledown Liege
shm	Thoughtweft Gambit
shm	Turn to Mist
shm	Worldpurge
shm	Zealous Guardian
shm	Cemetery Puca
shm	Dire Undercurrents
shm	Order of Whiteclay
shm	Dream Salvage
shm	Fate Transfer
shm	Ghastlord of Fugue
shm	Glen Elendra Liege
shm	Gravelgill Axeshark
shm	Gravelgill Duo
shm	Helm of the Ghastlord
shm	Inkfathom Infiltrator
shm	Inkfathom Witch
shm	Memory Plunder
shm	Pale Wayfarer
shm	Memory Sluice
shm	Merrow Grimeblotter
shm	Oona, Queen of the Fae
shm	Oona's Gatewarden
shm	River's Grasp
shm	Scarscale Ritual
shm	Sygg, River Cutthroat
shm	Torpor Dust
shm	Wanderbrine Rootcutters
shm	Wasp Lancer
shm	Prison Term
shm	Ashenmoor Gouger
shm	Ashenmoor Liege
shm	Cultbrand Cinder
shm	Demigod of Revenge
shm	Din of the Fireherd
shm	Emberstrike Duo
shm	Everlasting Torment
shm	Fists of the Demigod
shm	Fulminator Mage
shm	Grief Tyrant
shm	Resplendent Mentor
shm	Kulrath Knight
shm	Manaforge Cinder
shm	Murderous Redcap
shm	Poison the Well
shm	Scar
shm	Sootstoke Kindler
shm	Sootwalkers
shm	Spiteflame Witch
shm	Spiteful Visions
shm	Torrent of Souls
shm	Armored Ascension
shm	Rune-Cervin Rider
shm	Traitor's Roar
shm	Tyrannize
shm	Boartusk Liege
shm	Boggart Ram-Gang
shm	Deus of Calamity
shm	Firespout
shm	Fossil Find
shm	Giantbaiting
shm	Guttural Response
shm	Impromptu Raid
shm	Runed Halo
shm	Loamdragger Giant
shm	Manamorphose
shm	Morselhoarder
shm	Mudbrawler Raiders
shm	Rosheen Meanderer
shm	Runes of the Deus
shm	Scuzzback Marauders
shm	Scuzzback Scrapper
shm	Tattermunge Duo
shm	Tattermunge Maniac
shm	Safehold Sentry
shm	Tattermunge Witch
shm	Valleymaker
shm	Vexing Shusher
shm	Wort, the Raidmother
shm	Barkshell Blessing
shm	Dawnglow Infusion
shm	Elvish Hexhunter
shm	Fracturing Gust
shm	Heartmender
shm	Kitchen Finks
shm	Spectral Procession
shm	Medicine Runner
shm	Mercy Killing
shm	Old Ghastbark
shm	Oracle of Nectars
shm	Oversoul of Dusk
shm	Raven's Run Dragoon
shm	Reknit
shm	Rhys the Redeemed
shm	Safehold Duo
shm	Safehold Elite
shm	Strip Bare
shm	Safewright Quest
shm	Seedcradle Witch
shm	Shield of the Oversoul
shm	Wheel of Sun and Moon
shm	Wilt-Leaf Cavaliers
shm	Wilt-Leaf Liege
shm	Blazethorn Scarecrow
shm	Blight Sickle
shm	Cauldron of Souls
shm	Chainbreaker
shm	Twilight Shepherd
shm	Elsewhere Flask
shm	Gnarled Effigy
shm	Grim Poppet
shm	Heap Doll
shm	Illuminated Folio
shm	Lockjaw Snapper
shm	Lurebound Scarecrow
shm	Painter's Servant
shm	Pili-Pala
shm	Rattleblaze Scarecrow
shm	Windbrisk Raptor
shm	Reaper King
shm	Revelsong Horn
shm	Scrapbasket
shm	Scuttlemutt
shm	Tatterkite
shm	Thornwatch Scarecrow
shm	Trip Noose
shm	Umbral Mantle
shm	Watchwing Scarecrow
shm	Wicker Warcrawler
shm	Woeleecher
shm	Wingrattle Scarecrow
shm	Fire-Lit Thicket
shm	Graven Cairns
shm	Leechridden Swamp
shm	Madblind Mountain
shm	Mistveil Plains
shm	Moonring Island
shm	Mystic Gate
shm	Reflecting Pool
shm	Sapseep Forest
shm	Advice from the Fae
shm	Sunken Ruins
shm	Wooded Bastion
shm	Plains
shm	Plains
shm	Plains
shm	Plains
shm	Island
shm	Island
shm	Island
shm	Island
shm	Biting Tether
shm	Swamp
shm	Swamp
shm	Swamp
shm	Swamp
shm	Mountain
shm	Mountain
shm	Mountain
shm	Mountain
shm	Forest
shm	Forest
shm	Ballynock Cohort
shm	Briarberry Cohort
shm	Forest
shm	Forest
shm	Cerulean Wisps
shm	Consign to Dream
shm	Counterbore
shm	Cursecatcher
shm	Deepchannel Mentor
shm	Drowner Initiate
shm	Faerie Swarm
shm	Flow of Ideas
shm	Ghastly Discovery
shm	Barrenton Medic
shm	Isleback Spawn
shm	Kinscaer Harpoonist
shm	Knacksaw Clique
shm	Leech Bonder
shm	Merrow Wavebreakers
shm	Parapet Watchers
shm	Prismwake Merrow
shm	Puca's Mischief
shm	Put Away
shm	River Kelpie
shm	Boon Reflection
shm	Savor the Moment
shm	Sinking Feeling
shm	Spell Syphon
shm	Thought Reflection
shm	Whimwader
shm	Aphotic Wisps
shm	Ashenmoor Cohort
shm	Beseech the Queen
shm	Blowfly Infestation
shm	Cinderbones
shm	Goldenglow Moth
shm	Cinderhaze Wretch
shm	Corrosive Mentor
shm	Corrupt
shm	Crowd of Cinders
shm	Disturbing Plot
shm	Dusk Urchins
shm	Faerie Macabre
shm	Gloomlance
shm	Hollowborn Barghest
shm	Hollowsage
shm	Greater Auramancy
shm	Incremental Blight
shm	Loch Korrigan
shm	Midnight Banshee
shm	Plague of Vermin
shm	Polluted Bonds
shm	Puppeteer Clique
shm	Rite of Consumption
shm	Sickle Ripper
shm	Smolder Initiate
shm	Splitting Headache
shm	Inquisitor's Snare
shm	Torture
shm	Wound Reflection
shm	Blistering Dieflyn
shm	Bloodmark Mentor
shm	Bloodshed Fever
shm	Boggart Arsonists
shm	Burn Trail
shm	Cragganwick Cremator
shm	Crimson Wisps
shm	Deep-Slumber Titan
shm	Kithkin Rabble
shm	Elemental Mastery
shm	Ember Gale
shm	Flame Javelin
shm	Furystoke Giant
shm	Horde of Boggarts
shm	Inescapable Brute
shm	Intimidator Initiate
shm	Jaws of Stone
shm	Knollspine Dragon
shm	Knollspine Invocation
ala	Akrasan Squire
ala	Ethersworn Canonist
ala	Flameblast Dragon
ala	Goblin Assault
ala	Goblin Mountaineer
ala	Hell's Thunder
ala	Hissing Iguanar
ala	Incurable Ogre
ala	Jund Battlemage
ala	Lightning Talons
ala	Magma Spray
ala	Predator Dragon
ala	Excommunicate
ala	Resounding Thunder
ala	Ridge Rannet
ala	Rockslide Elemental
ala	Scourge Devil
ala	Skeletonize
ala	Soul's Fire
ala	Thorn-Thrash Viashino
ala	Thunder-Thrash Elder
ala	Viashino Skeleton
ala	Vicious Shadows
ala	Guardians of Akrasa
ala	Vithian Stinger
ala	Volcanic Submersion
ala	Where Ancients Tread
ala	Algae Gharial
ala	Behemoth's Herald
ala	Cavern Thoctar
ala	Court Archers
ala	Cylian Elf
ala	Druid of the Anima
ala	Drumhunter
ala	Gustrider Exuberant
ala	Elvish Visionary
ala	Feral Hydra
ala	Gift of the Gargantuan
ala	Godtoucher
ala	Jungle Weaver
ala	Keeper of Progenitus
ala	Lush Growth
ala	Mighty Emergence
ala	Manaplasm
ala	Mosstodon
ala	Invincible Hymn
ala	Mycoloth
ala	Naturalize
ala	Naya Battlemage
ala	Ooze Garden
ala	Resounding Roar
ala	Rhox Charger
ala	Sacellum Godspeaker
ala	Savage Hunger
ala	Skullmulcher
ala	Soul's Might
ala	Knight of the Skyward Eye
ala	Spearbreaker Behemoth
ala	Topan Ascetic
ala	Wild Nacatl
ala	Agony Warp
ala	Ajani Vengeant
ala	Bant Charm
ala	Blightning
ala	Blood Cultist
ala	Branching Bolt
ala	Brilliant Ultimatum
ala	Knight of the White Orchid
ala	Broodmate Dragon
ala	Bull Cerodon
ala	Carrion Thrash
ala	Clarion Ultimatum
ala	Cruel Ultimatum
ala	Deft Duelist
ala	Empyrial Archangel
ala	Esper Charm
ala	Fire-Field Ogre
ala	Goblin Deathraiders
ala	Knight-Captain of Eos
ala	Godsire
ala	Grixis Charm
ala	Hellkite Overlord
ala	Hindering Light
ala	Jhessian Infiltrator
ala	Jund Charm
ala	Kederekt Creeper
ala	Kiss of the Amesha
ala	Kresh the Bloodbraided
ala	Mayael the Anima
ala	Marble Chalice
ala	Naya Charm
ala	Necrogenesis
ala	Prince of Thralls
ala	Punish Ignorance
ala	Qasali Ambusher
ala	Rafiq of the Many
ala	Rakeclaw Gargantuan
ala	Realm Razer
ala	Rhox War Monk
ala	Rip-Clan Crasher
ala	Metallurgeon
ala	Sangrite Surge
ala	Sarkhan Vol
ala	Sedraxis Specter
ala	Sedris, the Traitor King
ala	Sharuum the Hegemon
ala	Sigil Blessing
ala	Sphinx Sovereign
ala	Sprouting Thrinax
ala	Steward of Valeron
ala	Stoic Angel
ala	Angel's Herald
ala	Oblivion Ring
ala	Swerve
ala	Thoughtcutter Agent
ala	Tidehollow Sculler
ala	Tidehollow Strix
ala	Titanic Ultimatum
ala	Tower Gargoyle
ala	Violent Ultimatum
ala	Waveskimmer Aven
ala	Windwright Mage
ala	Woolly Thoctar
ala	Ranger of Eos
ala	Lich's Mirror
ala	Minion Reflector
ala	Obelisk of Bant
ala	Obelisk of Esper
ala	Obelisk of Grixis
ala	Obelisk of Jund
ala	Obelisk of Naya
ala	Quietus Spike
ala	Relic of Progenitus
ala	Sigil of Distinction
ala	Resounding Silence
ala	Arcane Sanctum
ala	Bant Panorama
ala	Crumbling Necropolis
ala	Esper Panorama
ala	Grixis Panorama
ala	Jund Panorama
ala	Jungle Shrine
ala	Naya Panorama
ala	Savage Lands
ala	Seaside Citadel
ala	Rockcaster Platoon
ala	Plains
ala	Plains
ala	Plains
ala	Plains
ala	Island
ala	Island
ala	Island
ala	Island
ala	Swamp
ala	Swamp
ala	Sanctum Gargoyle
ala	Swamp
ala	Swamp
ala	Mountain
ala	Mountain
ala	Mountain
ala	Mountain
ala	Forest
ala	Forest
ala	Forest
ala	Forest
ala	Scourglass
ala	Sighted-Caste Sorcerer
ala	Sigiled Paladin
ala	Soul's Grace
ala	Sunseed Nurturer
ala	Angelic Benediction
ala	Welkin Guide
ala	Yoked Plowbeast
ala	Call to Heel
ala	Cancel
ala	Cathartic Adept
ala	Cloudheath Drake
ala	Coma Veil
ala	Courier's Capsule
ala	Covenant of Minds
ala	Dawnray Archer
ala	Angelsong
ala	Esper Battlemage
ala	Etherium Astrolabe
ala	Etherium Sculptor
ala	Fatestitcher
ala	Filigree Sages
ala	Gather Specimens
ala	Jhessian Lookout
ala	Kathari Screecher
ala	Kederekt Leviathan
ala	Master of Etherium
ala	Bant Battlemage
ala	Memory Erosion
ala	Mindlock Orb
ala	Outrider of Jhess
ala	Protomatter Powder
ala	Resounding Wave
ala	Sharding Sphinx
ala	Skill Borrower
ala	Spell Snip
ala	Sphinx's Herald
ala	Steelclad Serpent
ala	Battlegrace Angel
ala	Tezzeret the Seeker
ala	Tortoise Formation
ala	Vectis Silencers
ala	Ad Nauseam
ala	Archdemon of Unx
ala	Banewasp Affliction
ala	Blister Beetle
ala	Bone Splinters
ala	Corpse Connoisseur
ala	Cunning Lethemancer
ala	Cradle of Vitality
ala	Death Baron
ala	Deathgreeter
ala	Demon's Herald
ala	Dreg Reaver
ala	Dregscape Zombie
ala	Executioner's Capsule
ala	Fleshbag Marauder
ala	Glaze Fiend
ala	Grixis Battlemage
ala	Immortal Coil
ala	Dispeller's Capsule
ala	Infest
ala	Onyx Goblet
ala	Puppet Conjurer
ala	Resounding Scream
ala	Salvage Titan
ala	Scavenger Drake
ala	Shadowfeed
ala	Shore Snapper
ala	Skeletal Kathari
ala	Tar Fiend
ala	Elspeth, Knight-Errant
ala	Undead Leotau
ala	Vein Drinker
ala	Viscera Dragger
ala	Bloodpyre Elemental
ala	Bloodthorn Taunter
ala	Caldera Hellion
ala	Crucible of Fire
ala	Dragon Fodder
ala	Dragon's Herald
ala	Exuberant Firestoker
s99	Angel of Light
s99	Breath of Life
s99	Goblin Commando
s99	Goblin General
s99	Goblin Glider
s99	Goblin Hero
s99	Goblin Lore
s99	Goblin Mountaineer
s99	Goblin Settler
s99	Hulking Goblin
s99	Hulking Ogre
s99	Jagged Lightning
s99	Champion Lancer
s99	Last Chance
s99	Lava Axe
s99	Mons's Goblin Raiders
s99	Ogre Warrior
s99	Raging Goblin
s99	Relentless Assault
s99	Scorching Spear
s99	Spitting Earth
s99	Stone Rain
s99	Thunder Dragon
s99	Charging Paladin
s99	Trained Orgg
s99	Tremor
s99	Volcanic Dragon
s99	Volcanic Hammer
s99	Alluring Scent
s99	Barbtooth Wurm
s99	Bull Hippo
s99	Durkwood Boars
s99	Gorilla Warrior
s99	Grizzly Bears
s99	Devoted Hero
s99	Lone Wolf
s99	Lynx
s99	Monstrous Growth
s99	Moon Sprite
s99	Natural Spring
s99	Nature's Cloak
s99	Nature's Lore
s99	Norwood Archers
s99	Norwood Ranger
s99	Pride of Lions
s99	Devout Monk
s99	Renewing Touch
s99	Silverback Ape
s99	Southern Elephant
s99	Squall
s99	Summer Bloom
s99	Sylvan Basilisk
s99	Sylvan Yeti
s99	Thorn Elemental
s99	Untamed Wilds
s99	Whiptail Wurm
s99	Eager Cadet
s99	Whirlwind
s99	Wild Ox
s99	Willow Elf
s99	Wood Elves
s99	Forest
s99	Forest
s99	Forest
s99	Forest
s99	Island
s99	Island
s99	False Peace
s99	Island
s99	Island
s99	Mountain
s99	Mountain
s99	Mountain
s99	Mountain
s99	Plains
s99	Plains
s99	Plains
s99	Plains
s99	Foot Soldiers
s99	Swamp
s99	Swamp
s99	Swamp
s99	Swamp
s99	Gerrard's Wisdom
s99	Knight Errant
s99	Angel of Mercy
s99	Loyal Sentry
s99	Path of Peace
s99	Righteous Charge
s99	Righteous Fury
s99	Royal Falcon
s99	Royal Trooper
s99	Sacred Nectar
s99	Steadfastness
s99	Venerable Monk
s99	Vengeance
s99	Angelic Blessing
s99	Veteran Cavalier
s99	Wild Griffin
s99	Air Elemental
s99	Coral Eel
s99	Counterspell
s99	Denizen of the Deep
s99	Exhaustion
s99	Extinguish
s99	Eye Spy
s99	Giant Octopus
s99	Archangel
s99	Ingenious Thief
s99	Man-o'-War
s99	Merfolk of the Pearl Trident
s99	Owl Familiar
s99	Phantom Warrior
s99	Piracy
s99	Psychic Transfer
s99	Ransack
s99	Relearn
s99	Remove Soul
s99	Ardent Militia
s99	Sea Eagle
s99	Sleight of Hand
s99	Snapping Drake
s99	Storm Crow
s99	Tidings
s99	Time Ebb
s99	Time Warp
s99	Touch of Brilliance
s99	Undo
s99	Vizzerdrix
s99	Armageddon
s99	Water Elemental
s99	Wind Drake
s99	Wind Sail
s99	Abyssal Horror
s99	Ancient Craving
s99	Bog Imp
s99	Bog Raiders
s99	Bog Wraith
s99	Chorus of Woe
s99	Coercion
s99	Bargain
s99	Dakmor Ghoul
s99	Dakmor Lancer
s99	Dakmor Plague
s99	Dakmor Scorpion
s99	Dakmor Sorceress
s99	Dark Offering
s99	Dread Reaper
s99	Feral Shadow
s99	Gravedigger
s99	Grim Tutor
s99	Blinding Light
s99	Hand of Death
s99	Hollow Dogs
s99	Howling Fury
s99	Mind Rot
s99	Muck Rats
s99	Raise Dead
s99	Ravenous Rats
s99	Scathe Zombies
s99	Serpent Warrior
s99	Shrieking Specter
s99	Border Guard
s99	Soul Feast
s99	Stream of Acid
s99	Wicked Pact
s99	Cinder Storm
s99	Devastation
s99	Earth Elemental
s99	Fire Elemental
s99	Fire Tempest
s99	Goblin Cavaliers
s99	Goblin Chariot
s00	Angelic Blessing
s00	Shock
s00	Monstrous Growth
s00	Mountain
s00	Goblin Hero
s00	Moon Sprite
s00	Terror
s00	Bog Imp
s00	Coercion
s00	Ogre Warrior
s00	Giant Growth
s00	Swamp
s00	Royal Falcon
s00	Sea Eagle
s00	Python
s00	Time Ebb
s00	Trained Orgg
s00	Scathe Zombies
s00	Flame Spirit
s00	Vizzerdrix
s00	Llanowar Elves
s00	Wild Griffin
s00	Spined Wurm
s00	Breath of Life
s00	Flight
s00	Willow Elf
s00	Orcish Oriflamme
s00	Rod of Ruin
s00	Drudge Skeletons
s00	Stone Rain
s00	Counterspell
s00	Hero's Resolve
s00	Samite Healer
s00	Island
s00	Forest
s00	Plains
s00	Prodigal Sorcerer
s00	Durkwood Boars
s00	Obsianus Golem
s00	Soul Net
s00	Eager Cadet
s00	Inspiration
s00	Giant Octopus
s00	Venerable Monk
s00	Hand of Death
s00	Disenchant
s00	Merfolk of the Pearl Trident
s00	Knight Errant
s00	Armored Pegasus
s00	Wind Drake
s00	Lava Axe
s00	Mons's Goblin Raiders
sth	Bottomless Pit
sth	Brush with Death
sth	Cannibalize
sth	Corrupting Licid
sth	Crovax the Cursed
sth	Dauthi Trapper
sth	Death Stroke
sth	Dungeon Shade
sth	Foul Imp
sth	Grave Pact
sth	Lab Rats
sth	Megrim
sth	Mind Peel
sth	Mindwarper
sth	Morgue Thrull
sth	Mortuary
sth	Rabid Rats
sth	Revenant
sth	Serpent Warrior
sth	Skeleton Scavengers
sth	Stronghold Assassin
sth	Stronghold Taskmaster
sth	Torment
sth	Tortured Existence
sth	Wall of Souls
sth	Cloud Spirit
sth	Contempt
sth	Dream Halls
sth	Dream Prowler
sth	Evacuation
sth	Gliding Licid
sth	Hammerhead Shark
sth	Hesitation
sth	Intruder Alarm
sth	Leap
sth	Mana Leak
sth	Mask of the Mimic
sth	Mind Games
sth	Ransack
sth	Rebound
sth	Reins of Power
sth	Sift
sth	Silver Wyvern
sth	Spindrift Drake
sth	Thalakos Deceiver
sth	Tidal Surge
sth	Tidal Warrior
sth	Volrath's Shapeshifter
sth	Walking Dream
sth	Wall of Tears
sth	Awakening
sth	Burgeoning
sth	Carnassid
sth	Constant Mists
sth	Crossbow Ambush
sth	Elven Rite
sth	Endangered Armodon
sth	Hermit Druid
sth	Lowland Basilisk
sth	Mulch
sth	Overgrowth
sth	Primal Rage
sth	Provoke
sth	Skyshroud Archer
sth	Skyshroud Troopers
sth	Spike Breeder
sth	Spike Colony
sth	Spike Feeder
sth	Spike Soldier
sth	Spike Worker
sth	Spined Wurm
sth	Tempting Licid
sth	Verdant Touch
sth	Volrath's Gardens
sth	Wall of Blossoms
sth	Amok
sth	Convulsing Licid
sth	Craven Giant
sth	Duct Crawler
sth	Fanning the Flames
sth	Flame Wave
sth	Fling
sth	Flowstone Blade
sth	Flowstone Hellion
sth	Flowstone Mauler
sth	Flowstone Shambler
sth	Furnace Spirit
sth	Heat of Battle
sth	Invasion Plans
sth	Mob Justice
sth	Mogg Bombers
sth	Mogg Flunkies
sth	Mogg Infestation
sth	Mogg Maniac
sth	Ruination
sth	Seething Anger
sth	Shard Phoenix
sth	Shock
sth	Spitting Hydra
sth	Wall of Razors
sth	Bandage
sth	Calming Licid
sth	Change of Heart
sth	Contemplation
sth	Conviction
sth	Hidden Retreat
sth	Honor Guard
sth	Lancers en-Kor
sth	Nomads en-Kor
sth	Pursuit of Knowledge
sth	Rolling Stones
sth	Sacred Ground
sth	Samite Blessing
sth	Scapegoat
sth	Shaman en-Kor
sth	Skyshroud Falcon
sth	Smite
sth	Soltari Champion
sth	Spirit en-Kor
sth	Temper
sth	Venerable Monk
sth	Wall of Essence
sth	Warrior Angel
sth	Warrior en-Kor
sth	Youthful Knight
sth	Bullwhip
sth	Ensnaring Bridge
sth	Heartstone
sth	Horn of Greed
sth	Hornet Cannon
sth	Jinxed Ring
sth	Mox Diamond
sth	Portcullis
sth	Shifting Wall
sth	Sword of the Chosen
sth	Volrath's Laboratory
sth	Volrath's Stronghold
sth	Acidic Sliver
sth	Crystalline Sliver
sth	Hibernation Sliver
sth	Sliver Queen
sth	Spined Sliver
sth	Victual Sliver
tmp	Abandon Hope
tmp	Bellowing Fiend
tmp	Blood Pet
tmp	Bounty Hunter
tmp	Carrionette
tmp	Clot Sliver
tmp	Coercion
tmp	Coffin Queen
tmp	Commander Greven il-Vec
tmp	Corpse Dance
tmp	Dark Banishing
tmp	Dark Ritual
tmp	Darkling Stalker
tmp	Dauthi Embrace
tmp	Dauthi Ghoul
tmp	Dauthi Horror
tmp	Dauthi Marauder
tmp	Dauthi Mercenary
tmp	Dauthi Mindripper
tmp	Dauthi Slayer
tmp	Death Pits of Rath
tmp	Diabolic Edict
tmp	Disturbed Burial
tmp	Dread of Night
tmp	Dregs of Sorrow
tmp	Endless Scream
tmp	Enfeeblement
tmp	Evincar's Justice
tmp	Extinction
tmp	Fevered Convulsions
tmp	Gravedigger
tmp	Imps' Taunt
tmp	Kezzerdrix
tmp	Knight of Dusk
tmp	Leeching Licid
tmp	Living Death
tmp	Maddening Imp
tmp	Marsh Lurker
tmp	Mindwhip Sliver
tmp	Minion of the Wastes
tmp	Perish
tmp	Pit Imp
tmp	Rain of Tears
tmp	Rats of Rath
tmp	Reanimate
tmp	Reckless Spite
tmp	Sadistic Glee
tmp	Sarcomancy
tmp	Screeching Harpy
tmp	Servant of Volrath
tmp	Skyshroud Vampire
tmp	Souldrinker
tmp	Spinal Graft
tmp	Benthic Behemoth
tmp	Capsize
tmp	Chill
tmp	Counterspell
tmp	Dismiss
tmp	Dream Cache
tmp	Duplicity
tmp	Ertai's Meddling
tmp	Escaped Shapeshifter
tmp	Fighting Drake
tmp	Fylamarid
tmp	Gaseous Form
tmp	Giant Crab
tmp	Horned Turtle
tmp	Insight
tmp	Interdict
tmp	Intuition
tmp	Legacy's Allure
tmp	Legerdemain
tmp	Mana Severance
tmp	Manta Riders
tmp	Mawcor
tmp	Meditate
tmp	Mnemonic Sliver
tmp	Power Sink
tmp	Precognition
tmp	Propaganda
tmp	Rootwater Diver
tmp	Rootwater Hunter
tmp	Rootwater Matriarch
tmp	Rootwater Shaman
tmp	Sea Monster
tmp	Shadow Rift
tmp	Shimmering Wings
tmp	Skyshroud Condor
tmp	Spell Blast
tmp	Steal Enchantment
tmp	Stinging Licid
tmp	Thalakos Dreamsower
tmp	Thalakos Mistfolk
tmp	Thalakos Seer
tmp	Thalakos Sentry
tmp	Time Ebb
tmp	Time Warp
tmp	Tradewind Rider
tmp	Twitch
tmp	Unstable Shapeshifter
tmp	Volrath's Curse
tmp	Whim of Volrath
tmp	Whispers of the Muse
tmp	Wind Dancer
tmp	Wind Drake
tmp	Winged Sliver
tmp	Aluren
tmp	Apes of Rath
tmp	Bayou Dragonfly
tmp	Broken Fall
tmp	Canopy Spider
tmp	Charging Rhino
tmp	Choke
tmp	Crazed Armodon
tmp	Dirtcowl Wurm
tmp	Earthcraft
tmp	Eladamri, Lord of Leaves
tmp	Eladamri's Vineyard
tmp	Elven Warhounds
tmp	Elvish Fury
tmp	Flailing Drake
tmp	Frog Tongue
tmp	Fugitive Druid
tmp	Harrow
tmp	Heartwood Dryad
tmp	Heartwood Giant
tmp	Heartwood Treefolk
tmp	Horned Sliver
tmp	Krakilin
tmp	Mirri's Guile
tmp	Mongrel Pack
tmp	Muscle Sliver
tmp	Natural Spring
tmp	Nature's Revolt
tmp	Needle Storm
tmp	Nurturing Licid
tmp	Overrun
tmp	Pincher Beetles
tmp	Rampant Growth
tmp	Reality Anchor
tmp	Reap
tmp	Recycle
tmp	Respite
tmp	Root Maze
tmp	Rootbreaker Wurm
tmp	Rootwalla
tmp	Scragnoth
tmp	Seeker of Skybreak
tmp	Skyshroud Elf
tmp	Skyshroud Ranger
tmp	Skyshroud Troll
tmp	Spike Drone
tmp	Storm Front
tmp	Trained Armodon
tmp	Tranquility
tmp	Trumpeting Armodon
tmp	Verdant Force
tmp	Verdigris
tmp	Winter's Grasp
tmp	Aftershock
tmp	Ancient Runes
tmp	Apocalypse
tmp	Barbed Sliver
tmp	Blood Frenzy
tmp	Boil
tmp	Canyon Drake
tmp	Canyon Wildcat
tmp	Chaotic Goo
tmp	Crown of Flames
tmp	Deadshot
tmp	Enraging Licid
tmp	Firefly
tmp	Fireslinger
tmp	Flowstone Giant
tmp	Flowstone Salamander
tmp	Flowstone Wyvern
tmp	Furnace of Rath
tmp	Giant Strength
tmp	Goblin Bombardment
tmp	Hand to Hand
tmp	Havoc
tmp	Heart Sliver
tmp	Jackal Pup
tmp	Kindle
tmp	Lightning Blast
tmp	Lightning Elemental
tmp	Lowland Giant
tmp	Magmasaur
tmp	Mogg Conscripts
tmp	Mogg Fanatic
tmp	Mogg Raider
tmp	Mogg Squad
tmp	No Quarter
tmp	Opportunist
tmp	Pallimud
tmp	Rathi Dragon
tmp	Renegade Warlord
tmp	Rolling Thunder
tmp	Sandstone Warrior
tmp	Scorched Earth
tmp	Searing Touch
tmp	Shadowstorm
tmp	Shatter
tmp	Shocker
tmp	Starke of Rath
tmp	Stone Rain
tmp	Stun
tmp	Sudden Impact
tmp	Tahngarth's Rage
tmp	Tooth and Claw
tmp	Wall of Diffusion
tmp	Wild Wurm
tmp	Advance Scout
tmp	Angelic Protector
tmp	Anoint
tmp	Armor Sliver
tmp	Armored Pegasus
tmp	Auratog
tmp	Avenging Angel
tmp	Circle of Protection: Black
tmp	Circle of Protection: Blue
tmp	Circle of Protection: Green
tmp	Circle of Protection: Red
tmp	Circle of Protection: Shadow
tmp	Circle of Protection: White
tmp	Clergy en-Vec
tmp	Cloudchaser Eagle
tmp	Disenchant
tmp	Elite Javelineer
tmp	Field of Souls
tmp	Flickering Ward
tmp	Gallantry
tmp	Gerrard's Battle Cry
tmp	Hanna's Custody
tmp	Hero's Resolve
tmp	Humility
tmp	Invulnerability
tmp	Knight of Dawn
tmp	Light of Day
tmp	Marble Titan
tmp	Master Decoy
tmp	Mounted Archers
tmp	Oracle en-Vec
tmp	Orim, Samite Healer
tmp	Orim's Prayer
tmp	Pacifism
tmp	Pegasus Refuge
tmp	Quickening Licid
tmp	Repentance
tmp	Sacred Guide
tmp	Safeguard
tmp	Serene Offering
tmp	Soltari Crusader
tmp	Soltari Emissary
tmp	Soltari Foot Soldier
tmp	Soltari Lancer
tmp	Soltari Monk
tmp	Soltari Priest
tmp	Soltari Trooper
tmp	Spirit Mirror
tmp	Staunch Defenders
tmp	Talon Sliver
tmp	Warmth
tmp	Winds of Rath
tmp	Worthy Cause
tmp	Altar of Dementia
tmp	Booby Trap
tmp	Bottle Gnomes
tmp	Coiled Tinviper
tmp	Cold Storage
tmp	Cursed Scroll
tmp	Echo Chamber
tmp	Emerald Medallion
tmp	Emmessi Tome
tmp	Energizer
tmp	Essence Bottle
tmp	Excavator
tmp	Flowstone Sculpture
tmp	Fool's Tome
tmp	Grindstone
tmp	Helm of Possession
tmp	Jet Medallion
tmp	Jinxed Idol
tmp	Lotus Petal
tmp	Magnetic Web
tmp	Manakin
tmp	Metallic Sliver
tmp	Mogg Cannon
tmp	Patchwork Gnomes
tmp	Pearl Medallion
tmp	Phyrexian Grimoire
tmp	Phyrexian Hulk
tmp	Phyrexian Splicer
tmp	Puppet Strings
tmp	Ruby Medallion
tmp	Sapphire Medallion
tmp	Scalding Tongs
tmp	Scroll Rack
tmp	Squee's Toy
tmp	Static Orb
tmp	Telethopter
tmp	Thumbscrews
tmp	Torture Chamber
tmp	Watchdog
tmp	Ancient Tomb
tmp	Caldera Lake
tmp	Cinder Marsh
tmp	Forest
tmp	Forest
tmp	Forest
tmp	Forest
tmp	Ghost Town
tmp	Island
tmp	Island
tmp	Island
tmp	Island
tmp	Maze of Shadows
tmp	Mogg Hollows
tmp	Mountain
tmp	Mountain
tmp	Mountain
tmp	Mountain
tmp	Pine Barrens
tmp	Plains
tmp	Plains
tmp	Plains
tmp	Plains
tmp	Reflecting Pool
tmp	Rootwater Depths
tmp	Salt Flats
tmp	Scabland
tmp	Skyshroud Forest
tmp	Stalking Stones
tmp	Swamp
tmp	Swamp
tmp	Swamp
tmp	Swamp
tmp	Thalakos Lowlands
tmp	Vec Townships
tmp	Wasteland
tmp	Dracoplasm
tmp	Lobotomy
tmp	Ranger en-Vec
tmp	Segmented Wurm
tmp	Selenia, Dark Angel
tmp	Sky Spirit
tmp	Soltari Guerrillas
tmp	Spontaneous Combustion
tmp	Vhati il-Dal
tmp	Wood Sage
tpr	Angelic Blessing
tpr	Angelic Protector
tpr	Anoint
tpr	Armor Sliver
tpr	Armored Pegasus
tpr	Avenging Angel
tpr	Bandage
tpr	Cataclysm
tpr	Charging Paladin
tpr	Conviction
tpr	Disenchant
tpr	Exalted Dragon
tpr	Field of Souls
tpr	Gallantry
tpr	Gerrard's Battle Cry
tpr	Humility
tpr	Kor Chant
tpr	Master Decoy
tpr	Mounted Archers
tpr	Nomads en-Kor
tpr	Orim, Samite Healer
tpr	Pacifism
tpr	Paladin en-Vec
tpr	Pegasus Stampede
tpr	Repentance
tpr	Shackles
tpr	Shaman en-Kor
tpr	Smite
tpr	Soltari Champion
tpr	Soltari Lancer
tpr	Soltari Monk
tpr	Soltari Priest
tpr	Soltari Trooper
tpr	Spirit en-Kor
tpr	Spirit Mirror
tpr	Standing Troops
tpr	Staunch Defenders
tpr	Wall of Essence
tpr	Warrior en-Kor
tpr	Winds of Rath
tpr	Youthful Knight
tpr	Capsize
tpr	Counterspell
tpr	Curiosity
tpr	Dismiss
tpr	Dream Halls
tpr	Dream Prowler
tpr	Ephemeron
tpr	Fighting Drake
tpr	Forbid
tpr	Gaseous Form
tpr	Hammerhead Shark
tpr	Horned Turtle
tpr	Intuition
tpr	Killer Whale
tpr	Legacy's Allure
tpr	Legerdemain
tpr	Mana Leak
tpr	Mawcor
tpr	Meditate
tpr	Merfolk Looter
tpr	Mnemonic Sliver
tpr	Rootwater Hunter
tpr	Scrivener
tpr	Sea Monster
tpr	Shadow Rift
tpr	Sift
tpr	Silver Wyvern
tpr	Spell Blast
tpr	Thalakos Drifters
tpr	Thalakos Scout
tpr	Thalakos Seer
tpr	Time Ebb
tpr	Time Warp
tpr	Tradewind Rider
tpr	Twitch
tpr	Volrath's Curse
tpr	Wayward Soul
tpr	Whispers of the Muse
tpr	Wind Dancer
tpr	Wind Drake
tpr	Winged Sliver
tpr	Cannibalize
tpr	Carnophage
tpr	Clot Sliver
tpr	Coercion
tpr	Coffin Queen
tpr	Commander Greven il-Vec
tpr	Corpse Dance
tpr	Crovax the Cursed
tpr	Cursed Flesh
tpr	Dark Banishing
tpr	Dark Ritual
tpr	Dauthi Horror
tpr	Dauthi Jackal
tpr	Dauthi Marauder
tpr	Dauthi Slayer
tpr	Dauthi Warlord
tpr	Death Pits of Rath
tpr	Death Stroke
tpr	Death's Duet
tpr	Diabolic Edict
tpr	Dungeon Shade
tpr	Evincar's Justice
tpr	Fugue
tpr	Gravedigger
tpr	Kezzerdrix
tpr	Lab Rats
tpr	Living Death
tpr	Necrologia
tpr	Rats of Rath
tpr	Reanimate
tpr	Recurring Nightmare
tpr	Revenant
tpr	Sarcomancy
tpr	Screeching Harpy
tpr	Serpent Warrior
tpr	Skyshroud Vampire
tpr	Spinal Graft
tpr	Stronghold Assassin
tpr	Thrull Surgeon
tpr	Vampire Hounds
tpr	Wall of Souls
tpr	Aftershock
tpr	Anarchist
tpr	Barbed Sliver
tpr	Canyon Wildcat
tpr	Craven Giant
tpr	Deadshot
tpr	Fanning the Flames
tpr	Flame Wave
tpr	Flowstone Blade
tpr	Flowstone Mauler
tpr	Flowstone Wyvern
tpr	Furnace Brood
tpr	Goblin Bombardment
tpr	Kindle
tpr	Lightning Blast
tpr	Lowland Giant
tpr	Mage il-Vec
tpr	Magmasaur
tpr	Maniacal Rage
tpr	Mogg Conscripts
tpr	Mogg Fanatic
tpr	Mogg Flunkies
tpr	Mogg Infestation
tpr	Mogg Maniac
tpr	Ogre Shaman
tpr	Pandemonium
tpr	Rathi Dragon
tpr	Renegade Warlord
tpr	Rolling Thunder
tpr	Sabertooth Wyvern
tpr	Sandstone Warrior
tpr	Searing Touch
tpr	Seething Anger
tpr	Shadowstorm
tpr	Shard Phoenix
tpr	Shatter
tpr	Spellshock
tpr	Spitting Hydra
tpr	Starke of Rath
tpr	Stun
tpr	Wall of Diffusion
tpr	Aluren
tpr	Canopy Spider
tpr	Carnassid
tpr	Crashing Boars
tpr	Elven Rite
tpr	Elvish Fury
tpr	Endangered Armodon
tpr	Harrow
tpr	Heartwood Dryad
tpr	Heartwood Giant
tpr	Hermit Druid
tpr	Horned Sliver
tpr	Krakilin
tpr	Lowland Basilisk
tpr	Manabond
tpr	Mirri, Cat Warrior
tpr	Mulch
tpr	Muscle Sliver
tpr	Needle Storm
tpr	Oath of Druids
tpr	Overrun
tpr	Provoke
tpr	Rampant Growth
tpr	Reality Anchor
tpr	Recycle
tpr	Rootbreaker Wurm
tpr	Rootwalla
tpr	Skyshroud Elf
tpr	Skyshroud Troll
tpr	Spike Breeder
tpr	Spike Colony
tpr	Spike Feeder
tpr	Spike Hatcher
tpr	Spined Wurm
tpr	Survival of the Fittest
tpr	Trained Armodon
tpr	Tranquility
tpr	Verdant Force
tpr	Verdant Touch
tpr	Verdigris
tpr	Wall of Blossoms
tpr	Acidic Sliver
tpr	Crystalline Sliver
tpr	Dracoplasm
tpr	Hibernation Sliver
tpr	Selenia, Dark Angel
tpr	Sliver Queen
tpr	Soltari Guerrillas
tpr	Spined Sliver
tpr	Vhati il-Dal
tpr	Victual Sliver
tpr	Wood Sage
tpr	Bottle Gnomes
tpr	Coat of Arms
tpr	Coiled Tinviper
tpr	Cursed Scroll
tpr	Emmessi Tome
tpr	Erratic Portal
tpr	Grindstone
tpr	Jinxed Idol
tpr	Lotus Petal
tpr	Metallic Sliver
tpr	Mindless Automaton
tpr	Mox Diamond
tpr	Patchwork Gnomes
tpr	Phyrexian Hulk
tpr	Skyshaper
tpr	Telethopter
tpr	Thopter Squadron
tpr	Volrath's Laboratory
tpr	Caldera Lake
tpr	Cinder Marsh
tpr	City of Traitors
tpr	Maze of Shadows
tpr	Mogg Hollows
tpr	Pine Barrens
tpr	Rootwater Depths
tpr	Salt Flats
tpr	Scabland
tpr	Skyshroud Forest
tpr	Stalking Stones
tpr	Thalakos Lowlands
tpr	Vec Townships
tpr	Volrath's Stronghold
tpr	Wasteland
tpr	Plains
tpr	Plains
tpr	Plains
tpr	Plains
tpr	Island
tpr	Island
tpr	Island
tpr	Island
tpr	Swamp
tpr	Swamp
tpr	Swamp
tpr	Swamp
tpr	Mountain
tpr	Mountain
tpr	Mountain
tpr	Mountain
tpr	Forest
tpr	Forest
tpr	Forest
tpr	Forest
10e	Ancestor's Chosen
10e	Beacon of Immortality
10e	Remove Soul
10e	Robe of Mirrors
10e	Rootwater Commando
10e	Rootwater Matriarch
10e	Sage Owl
10e	Scalpelexis
10e	Sea Monster
10e	Shimmering Wings
10e	Sift
10e	Sky Weaver
10e	Benalish Knight
10e	Snapping Drake
10e	Spiketail Hatchling
10e	Sunken Hope
10e	Telepathy
10e	Telling Time
10e	Thieving Magpie
10e	Tidings
10e	Time Stop
10e	Time Stretch
10e	Traumatize
10e	Cho-Manno, Revolutionary
10e	Twincast
10e	Twitch
10e	Unsummon
10e	Vedalken Mastermind
10e	Wall of Air
10e	Afflict
10e	Agonizing Memories
10e	Ascendant Evincar
10e	Assassinate
10e	Beacon of Unrest
10e	Condemn
10e	Bog Wraith
10e	Consume Spirit
10e	Contaminated Bond
10e	Cruel Edict
10e	Deathmark
10e	Diabolic Tutor
10e	Distress
10e	Doomed Necromancer
10e	Dross Crocodile
10e	Drudge Skeletons
10e	Demystify
10e	Dusk Imp
10e	Essence Drain
10e	Fear
10e	Festering Goblin
10e	Grave Pact
10e	Graveborn Muse
10e	Gravedigger
10e	Hate Weaver
10e	Head Games
10e	Hidden Horror
10e	Field Marshal
10e	Highway Robber
10e	Hypnotic Specter
10e	Knight of Dusk
10e	Looming Shade
10e	Lord of the Pit
10e	Lord of the Undead
10e	Mass of Ghouls
10e	Megrim
10e	Midnight Ritual
10e	Mind Rot
10e	Ghost Warden
10e	Mortal Combat
10e	Mortivore
10e	Nantuko Husk
10e	Nekrataal
10e	Nightmare
10e	No Rest for the Wicked
10e	Phage the Untouchable
10e	Phyrexian Rager
10e	Plague Beetle
10e	Plague Wind
10e	Glorious Anthem
10e	Rain of Tears
10e	Ravenous Rats
10e	Recover
10e	Relentless Rats
10e	Royal Assassin
10e	Scathe Zombies
10e	Sengir Vampire
10e	Severed Legion
10e	Sleeper Agent
10e	Soul Feast
10e	Hail of Arrows
10e	Spineless Thug
10e	Stronghold Discipline
10e	Terror
10e	Thrull Surgeon
10e	Underworld Dreams
10e	Unholy Strength
10e	Vampire Bats
10e	Anaba Bodyguard
10e	Arcane Teachings
10e	Beacon of Destruction
10e	Heart of Light
10e	Blaze
10e	Bloodfire Colossus
10e	Bloodrock Cyclops
10e	Bogardan Firefiend
10e	Cone of Flame
10e	Cryoclasm
10e	Demolish
10e	Dragon Roost
10e	Duct Crawler
10e	Earth Elemental
10e	Angel of Mercy
10e	High Ground
10e	Firebreathing
10e	Fists of the Anvil
10e	Flamewave Invoker
10e	Flowstone Slide
10e	Furnace of Rath
10e	Furnace Whelp
10e	Goblin Elite Infantry
10e	Goblin King
10e	Goblin Lore
10e	Goblin Piker
10e	Holy Day
10e	Goblin Sky Raider
10e	Guerrilla Tactics
10e	Hill Giant
10e	Incinerate
10e	Kamahl, Pit Fighter
10e	Lava Axe
10e	Lavaborn Muse
10e	Lightning Elemental
10e	Manabarbs
10e	Mogg Fanatic
10e	Holy Strength
10e	Orcish Artillery
10e	Prodigal Pyromancer
10e	Pyroclasm
10e	Rage Weaver
10e	Raging Goblin
10e	Relentless Assault
10e	Rock Badger
10e	Scoria Wurm
10e	Seismic Assault
10e	Shatterstorm
10e	Honor Guard
10e	Shivan Dragon
10e	Shivan Hellkite
10e	Shock
10e	Shunt
10e	Siege-Gang Commander
10e	Smash
10e	Soulblast
10e	Spark Elemental
10e	Spitting Earth
10e	Squee, Goblin Nabob
10e	Icatian Priest
10e	Stun
10e	Sudden Impact
10e	Threaten
10e	Thundering Giant
10e	Uncontrollable Anger
10e	Viashino Runner
10e	Viashino Sandscout
10e	Wall of Fire
10e	Warp World
10e	Abundance
10e	Kjeldoran Royal Guard
10e	Aggressive Urge
10e	Avatar of Might
10e	Birds of Paradise
10e	Blanchwood Armor
10e	Canopy Spider
10e	Civic Wayfinder
10e	Commune with Nature
10e	Craw Wurm
10e	Creeping Mold
10e	Elven Riders
10e	Loxodon Mystic
10e	Elvish Berserker
10e	Elvish Champion
10e	Elvish Piper
10e	Enormous Baloth
10e	Femeref Archers
10e	Gaea's Herald
10e	Giant Growth
10e	Giant Spider
10e	Grizzly Bears
10e	Hunted Wumpus
10e	Loyal Sentry
10e	Hurricane
10e	Joiner Adept
10e	Karplusan Strider
10e	Kavu Climber
10e	Llanowar Elves
10e	Llanowar Sentinel
10e	Lure
10e	Might of Oaks
10e	Might Weaver
10e	Mirri, Cat Warrior
10e	Luminesce
10e	Molimo, Maro-Sorcerer
10e	Natural Spring
10e	Naturalize
10e	Overgrowth
10e	Overrun
10e	Pincher Beetles
10e	Primal Rage
10e	Quirion Dryad
10e	Rampant Growth
10e	Recollect
10e	Mobilization
10e	Regeneration
10e	Rhox
10e	Root Maze
10e	Rootwalla
10e	Rushwood Dryad
10e	Scion of the Wild
10e	Seedborn Muse
10e	Skyshroud Ranger
10e	Spined Wurm
10e	Stalking Tiger
10e	Angelic Blessing
10e	Nomad Mythmaker
10e	Stampeding Wildebeests
10e	Sylvan Basilisk
10e	Sylvan Scrying
10e	Tangle Spider
10e	Treetop Bracers
10e	Troll Ascetic
10e	Upwelling
10e	Verdant Force
10e	Viridian Shaman
10e	Wall of Wood
10e	Pacifism
10e	Yavimaya Enchantress
10e	Angel's Feather
10e	Bottle Gnomes
10e	Chimeric Staff
10e	Chromatic Star
10e	Citanul Flute
10e	Coat of Arms
10e	Colossus of Sardia
10e	Composite Golem
10e	Crucible of Worlds
10e	Paladin en-Vec
10e	Demon's Horn
10e	Doubling Cube
10e	Dragon's Claw
10e	Fountain of Youth
10e	The Hive
10e	Howling Mine
10e	Icy Manipulator
10e	Jayemdae Tome
10e	Juggernaut
10e	Kraken's Eye
10e	Pariah
10e	Legacy Weapon
10e	Leonin Scimitar
10e	Loxodon Warhammer
10e	Mantis Engine
10e	Millstone
10e	Mind Stone
10e	Ornithopter
10e	Phyrexian Vault
10e	Pithing Needle
10e	Platinum Angel
10e	Reviving Dose
10e	Razormane Masticore
10e	Rod of Ruin
10e	Sculpting Steel
10e	Spellbook
10e	Steel Golem
10e	Whispersilk Cloak
10e	Wurm's Tooth
10e	Adarkar Wastes
10e	Battlefield Forge
10e	Brushland
10e	Reya Dawnbringer
10e	Caves of Koilos
10e	Faerie Conclave
10e	Forbidding Watchtower
10e	Ghitu Encampment
10e	Karplusan Forest
10e	Llanowar Wastes
10e	Quicksand
10e	Shivan Reef
10e	Spawning Pool
10e	Sulfurous Springs
10e	Righteousness
10e	Terramorphic Expanse
10e	Treetop Village
10e	Underground River
10e	Yavimaya Coast
10e	Plains
10e	Plains
10e	Plains
10e	Plains
10e	Island
10e	Island
10e	Rule of Law
10e	Island
10e	Island
10e	Swamp
10e	Swamp
10e	Swamp
10e	Swamp
10e	Mountain
10e	Mountain
10e	Mountain
10e	Mountain
10e	Samite Healer
10e	Forest
10e	Forest
10e	Forest
10e	Forest
10e	Serra Angel
10e	Angelic Chorus
10e	Serra's Embrace
10e	Skyhunter Patrol
10e	Skyhunter Prowler
10e	Skyhunter Skirmisher
10e	Soul Warden
10e	Spirit Link
10e	Spirit Weaver
10e	Starlight Invoker
10e	Steadfast Guard
10e	Story Circle
10e	Angelic Wall
10e	Suntail Hawk
10e	Tempest of Light
10e	Treasure Hunter
10e	True Believer
10e	Tundra Wolves
10e	Venerable Monk
10e	Voice of All
10e	Wall of Swords
10e	Warrior's Honor
10e	Wild Griffin
10e	Aura of Silence
10e	Windborn Muse
10e	Wrath of God
10e	Youthful Knight
10e	Academy Researchers
10e	Air Elemental
10e	Ambassador Laquatus
10e	Arcanis the Omnipotent
10e	Aura Graft
10e	Aven Fisher
10e	Aven Windreader
10e	Aven Cloudchaser
10e	Boomerang
10e	Cancel
10e	Cephalid Constable
10e	Clone
10e	Cloud Elemental
10e	Cloud Sprite
10e	Counsel of the Soratami
10e	Crafty Pathmage
10e	Dehydration
10e	Deluge
10e	Ballista Squad
10e	Denizen of the Deep
10e	Discombobulate
10e	Dreamborn Muse
10e	Evacuation
10e	Flashfreeze
10e	Fog Elemental
10e	Fugitive Wizard
10e	Horseshoe Crab
10e	Hurkyl's Recall
10e	Lumengrid Warden
10e	Bandage
10e	Mahamoti Djinn
10e	March of the Machines
10e	Merfolk Looter
10e	Mind Bend
10e	Peek
10e	Persuasion
10e	Phantom Warrior
10e	Plagiarize
10e	Puppeteer
10e	Reminisce
drk	Ashes to Ashes
drk	Marsh Gas
drk	Fountain of Youth
drk	Living Armor
drk	Lurker
drk	Reflecting Mirror
drk	Runesword
drk	Skull of Orm
drk	Standing Stones
drk	Stone Calendar
drk	Tormod's Crypt
drk	Murk Dwellers
drk	Tower of Coireall
drk	Wand of Ith
drk	War Barge
drk	City of Shadows
drk	Maze of Ith
drk	Safe Haven
drk	Sorrow's Path
drk	Dark Heart of the Wood
drk	Marsh Goblins
drk	Scarwood Goblins
drk	Nameless Race
drk	Rag Man
drk	Season of the Witch
drk	The Fallen
drk	Uncle Istvan
drk	Word of Binding
drk	Worms of the Earth
drk	Amnesia
drk	Tracker
drk	Banshee
drk	Apprentice Wizard
drk	Dance of Many
drk	Deep Water
drk	Drowned
drk	Electric Eel
drk	Scarecrow
drk	Erosion
drk	Flood
drk	Ghost Ship
drk	Giant Shark
drk	Leviathan
drk	Bog Imp
drk	Mana Vortex
drk	Merfolk Assassin
drk	Mind Bomb
drk	Psychic Allergy
drk	Sunken City
drk	Tangle Kelp
drk	Water Wurm
drk	Riptide
drk	Carnivorous Plant
drk	Elves of Deep Shadow
drk	Bog Rats
drk	Gaea's Touch
drk	Hidden Path
drk	Land Leeches
drk	Marsh Viper
drk	Niall Silvain
drk	People of the Woods
drk	Savaen Elves
drk	Scarwood Bandits
drk	Scarwood Hag
drk	Curse Artifact
drk	Scavenger Folk
drk	Spitting Slug
drk	Venom
drk	Whippoorwill
drk	Wormwood Treefolk
drk	Ball Lightning
drk	Blood Moon
drk	Brothers of Fire
drk	Cave People
drk	Eater of the Dead
drk	Eternal Flame
drk	Fire Drake
drk	Fissure
drk	Goblin Caves
drk	Goblin Digging Team
drk	Goblin Hero
drk	Goblin Rock Sled
drk	Goblin Shrine
drk	Goblin Wizard
drk	Goblins of the Flarg
drk	Frankenstein's Monster
drk	Inferno
drk	Mana Clash
drk	Orc General
drk	Sisters of the Flame
drk	Necropolis
drk	Angry Mob
drk	Blood of the Martyr
drk	Brainwash
drk	Cleansing
drk	Dust to Dust
drk	Exorcist
drk	Grave Robbers
drk	Fasting
drk	Festival
drk	Fire and Brimstone
drk	Holy Light
drk	Knights of Thorn
drk	Martyr's Cry
drk	Miracle Worker
drk	Morale
drk	Pikemen
drk	Preacher
drk	Inquisition
drk	Squire
drk	Tivadar's Crusade
drk	Witch Hunter
drk	Barl's Cage
drk	Bone Flute
drk	Book of Rass
drk	Coal Golem
drk	Dark Sphere
drk	Diabolic Machine
drk	Fellwar Stone
ths	Battlewise Valor
ths	Ephara's Warden
ths	Pharika's Cure
ths	Read the Bones
ths	Rescue from the Underworld
ths	Returned Centaur
ths	Returned Phalanx
ths	Scourgemark
ths	Sip of Hemlock
ths	Thoughtseize
ths	Tormented Hero
ths	Viper's Kiss
ths	Evangel of Heliod
ths	Whip of Erebos
ths	Akroan Crusader
ths	Anger of the Gods
ths	Arena Athlete
ths	Borderland Minotaur
ths	Boulderfall
ths	Coordinated Assault
ths	Deathbellow Raider
ths	Demolish
ths	Dragon Mantle
ths	Fabled Hero
ths	Ember Swallower
ths	Fanatic of Mogis
ths	Firedrinker Satyr
ths	Flamespeaker Adept
ths	Hammer of Purphoros
ths	Ill-Tempered Cyclops
ths	Labyrinth Champion
ths	Lightning Strike
ths	Magma Jet
ths	Messenger's Speed
ths	Favored Hoplite
ths	Minotaur Skullcleaver
ths	Ordeal of Purphoros
ths	Peak Eruption
ths	Portent of Betrayal
ths	Priest of Iroas
ths	Purphoros, God of the Forge
ths	Purphoros's Emissary
ths	Rage of Purphoros
ths	Rageblood Shaman
ths	Satyr Rambler
ths	Gift of Immortality
ths	Spark Jolt
ths	Spearpoint Oread
ths	Stoneshock Giant
ths	Stormbreath Dragon
ths	Titan of Eternal Fire
ths	Titan's Strength
ths	Two-Headed Cerberus
ths	Wild Celebrants
ths	Agent of Horizons
ths	Anthousa, Setessan Hero
ths	Glare of Heresy
ths	Arbor Colossus
ths	Artisan's Sorrow
ths	Boon Satyr
ths	Bow of Nylea
ths	Centaur Battlemaster
ths	Commune with the Gods
ths	Defend the Hearth
ths	Fade into Antiquity
ths	Feral Invocation
ths	Hunt the Hunter
ths	Gods Willing
ths	Karametra's Acolyte
ths	Leafcrown Dryad
ths	Mistcutter Hydra
ths	Nemesis of Mortals
ths	Nessian Asp
ths	Nessian Courser
ths	Nylea, God of the Hunt
ths	Nylea's Disciple
ths	Nylea's Emissary
ths	Nylea's Presence
ths	Heliod, God of the Sun
ths	Ordeal of Nylea
ths	Pheres-Band Centaurs
ths	Polukranos, World Eater
ths	Reverent Hunter
ths	Satyr Hedonist
ths	Satyr Piper
ths	Savage Surge
ths	Sedge Scorpion
ths	Shredding Winds
ths	Staunch-Hearted Warrior
ths	Heliod's Emissary
ths	Sylvan Caryatid
ths	Time to Feed
ths	Voyaging Satyr
ths	Vulpine Goliath
ths	Warriors' Lesson
ths	Akroan Hoplite
ths	Anax and Cymede
ths	Ashen Rider
ths	Ashiok, Nightmare Weaver
ths	Battlewise Hoplite
ths	Hopeful Eidolon
ths	Chronicler of Heroes
ths	Daxos of Meletis
ths	Destructive Revelry
ths	Fleecemane Lion
ths	Horizon Chimera
ths	Kragma Warcaller
ths	Medomai the Ageless
ths	Pharika's Mender
ths	Polis Crusher
ths	Prophet of Kruphix
ths	Cavalry Pegasus
ths	Hundred-Handed One
ths	Psychic Intrusion
ths	Reaper of the Wilds
ths	Sentry of the Underworld
ths	Shipwreck Singer
ths	Spellheart Chimera
ths	Steam Augury
ths	Triad of Fates
ths	Tymaret, the Murder King
ths	Underworld Cerberus
ths	Xenagos, the Reveler
ths	Lagonna-Band Elder
ths	Akroan Horse
ths	Anvilwrought Raptor
ths	Bronze Sable
ths	Burnished Hart
ths	Colossus of Akros
ths	Flamecast Wheel
ths	Fleetfeather Sandals
ths	Guardians of Meletis
ths	Opaline Unicorn
ths	Prowler's Helm
ths	Last Breath
ths	Pyxis of Pandemonium
ths	Traveler's Amulet
ths	Witches' Eye
ths	Nykthos, Shrine to Nyx
ths	Temple of Abandon
ths	Temple of Deceit
ths	Temple of Mystery
ths	Temple of Silence
ths	Temple of Triumph
ths	Unknown Shores
ths	Leonin Snarecaster
ths	Plains
ths	Plains
ths	Plains
ths	Plains
ths	Island
ths	Island
ths	Island
ths	Island
ths	Swamp
ths	Swamp
ths	Observant Alseid
ths	Swamp
ths	Swamp
ths	Mountain
ths	Mountain
ths	Mountain
ths	Mountain
ths	Forest
ths	Forest
ths	Forest
ths	Forest
ths	Ordeal of Heliod
ths	Phalanx Leader
ths	Ray of Dissolution
ths	Scholar of Athreos
ths	Setessan Battle Priest
ths	Celestial Archon
ths	Setessan Griffin
ths	Silent Artisan
ths	Soldier of the Pantheon
ths	Spear of Heliod
ths	Traveling Philosopher
ths	Vanquish the Foul
ths	Wingsteed Rider
ths	Yoked Ox
ths	Annul
ths	Aqueous Form
ths	Chained to the Rocks
ths	Artisan of Forms
ths	Benthic Giant
ths	Bident of Thassa
ths	Breaching Hippocamp
ths	Coastline Chimera
ths	Crackling Triton
ths	Curse of the Swine
ths	Dissolve
ths	Fate Foretold
ths	Gainsay
ths	Chosen by Heliod
ths	Griptide
ths	Horizon Scholar
ths	Lost in a Labyrinth
ths	Master of Waves
ths	Meletis Charlatan
ths	Mnemonic Wall
ths	Nimbus Naiad
ths	Omenspeaker
ths	Ordeal of Thassa
ths	Prescient Chimera
ths	Dauntless Onslaught
ths	Prognostic Sphinx
ths	Sea God's Revenge
ths	Sealock Monster
ths	Shipbreaker Kraken
ths	Stymied Hopes
ths	Swan Song
ths	Thassa, God of the Sea
ths	Thassa's Bounty
ths	Thassa's Emissary
ths	Triton Fortune Hunter
ths	Decorated Griffin
ths	Triton Shorethief
ths	Triton Tactics
ths	Vaporkin
ths	Voyage's End
ths	Wavecrash Triton
ths	Abhorrent Overlord
ths	Agent of the Fates
ths	Asphodel Wanderer
ths	Baleful Eidolon
ths	Blood-Toll Harpy
ths	Divine Verdict
ths	Boon of Erebos
ths	Cavern Lampad
ths	Cutthroat Maneuver
ths	Dark Betrayal
ths	Disciple of Phenax
ths	Erebos, God of the Dead
ths	Erebos's Emissary
ths	Felhide Minotaur
ths	Fleshmad Steed
ths	Gray Merchant of Asphodel
ths	Elspeth, Sun's Champion
ths	Hero's Downfall
ths	Hythonia the Cruel
ths	Insatiable Harpy
ths	Keepsake Gorgon
ths	Lash of the Whip
ths	Loathsome Catoblepas
ths	March of the Returned
ths	Mogis's Marauder
ths	Nighthowler
ths	Ordeal of Erebos
tsp	Amrou Scout
tsp	Cloudchaser Kestrel
tsp	Cyclopean Giant
tsp	Dark Withering
tsp	Deathspore Thallid
tsp	Demonic Collusion
tsp	Dread Return
tsp	Drudge Reavers
tsp	Endrek Sahr, Master Breeder
tsp	Evil Eye of Urborg
tsp	Faceless Devourer
tsp	Fallen Ideal
tsp	D'Avenant Healer
tsp	Feebleness
tsp	Gorgon Recluse
tsp	Haunting Hymn
tsp	Liege of the Pit
tsp	Lim-Dûl the Necromancer
tsp	Living End
tsp	Magus of the Mirror
tsp	Mana Skimmer
tsp	Mindlash Sliver
tsp	Mindstab
tsp	Detainment Spell
tsp	Nether Traitor
tsp	Nightshade Assassin
tsp	Phthisis
tsp	Pit Keeper
tsp	Plague Sliver
tsp	Premature Burial
tsp	Psychotic Episode
tsp	Sangrophage
tsp	Sengir Nosferatu
tsp	Skittering Monstrosity
tsp	Divine Congregation
tsp	Skulking Knight
tsp	Smallpox
tsp	Strangling Soot
tsp	Stronghold Overseer
tsp	Sudden Death
tsp	Sudden Spoiling
tsp	Tendrils of Corruption
tsp	Traitor's Clutch
tsp	Trespasser il-Vec
tsp	Urborg Syphon-Mage
tsp	Duskrider Peregrine
tsp	Vampiric Sliver
tsp	Viscid Lemures
tsp	Aetherflame Wall
tsp	Ancient Grudge
tsp	Barbed Shocker
tsp	Basalt Gargoyle
tsp	Blazing Blade Askari
tsp	Bogardan Hellkite
tsp	Bogardan Rager
tsp	Bonesplitter Sliver
tsp	Errant Doomsayers
tsp	Coal Stoker
tsp	Conflagrate
tsp	Empty the Warrens
tsp	Firemaw Kavu
tsp	Flamecore Elemental
tsp	Flowstone Channeler
tsp	Fortune Thief
tsp	Fury Sliver
tsp	Ghitu Firebreathing
tsp	Goblin Skycutter
tsp	Evangelize
tsp	Grapeshot
tsp	Greater Gargadon
tsp	Ground Rift
tsp	Ib Halfheart, Goblin Tactician
tsp	Ignite Memories
tsp	Ironclaw Buzzardiers
tsp	Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
tsp	Keldon Halberdier
tsp	Lightning Axe
tsp	Magus of the Scroll
tsp	Flickering Spirit
tsp	Mogg War Marshal
tsp	Norin the Wary
tsp	Orcish Cannonade
tsp	Pardic Dragon
tsp	Plunder
tsp	Reiterate
tsp	Rift Bolt
tsp	Sedge Sliver
tsp	Subterranean Shambler
tsp	Sudden Shock
tsp	Foriysian Interceptor
tsp	Sulfurous Blast
tsp	Tectonic Fiend
tsp	Thick-Skinned Goblin
tsp	Two-Headed Sliver
tsp	Undying Rage
tsp	Viashino Bladescout
tsp	Volcanic Awakening
tsp	Wheel of Fate
tsp	Word of Seizing
tsp	Aether Web
tsp	Fortify
tsp	Ashcoat Bear
tsp	Aspect of Mongoose
tsp	Chameleon Blur
tsp	Durkwood Baloth
tsp	Durkwood Tracker
tsp	Fungus Sliver
tsp	Gemhide Sliver
tsp	Glass Asp
tsp	Greenseeker
tsp	Havenwood Wurm
tsp	Amrou Seekers
tsp	Gaze of Justice
tsp	Herd Gnarr
tsp	Hypergenesis
tsp	Krosan Grip
tsp	Magus of the Candelabra
tsp	Might of Old Krosa
tsp	Might Sliver
tsp	Molder
tsp	Mwonvuli Acid-Moss
tsp	Nantuko Shaman
tsp	Pendelhaven Elder
tsp	Griffin Guide
tsp	Penumbra Spider
tsp	Phantom Wurm
tsp	Primal Forcemage
tsp	Savage Thallid
tsp	Scarwood Treefolk
tsp	Scryb Ranger
tsp	Search for Tomorrow
tsp	Spectral Force
tsp	Spike Tiller
tsp	Spinneret Sliver
tsp	Gustcloak Cavalier
tsp	Sporesower Thallid
tsp	Sprout
tsp	Squall Line
tsp	Stonewood Invocation
tsp	Strength in Numbers
tsp	Thallid Germinator
tsp	Thallid Shell-Dweller
tsp	Thelon of Havenwood
tsp	Thelonite Hermit
tsp	Thrill of the Hunt
tsp	Icatian Crier
tsp	Tromp the Domains
tsp	Unyaro Bees
tsp	Verdant Embrace
tsp	Wormwood Dryad
tsp	Wurmcalling
tsp	Yavimaya Dryad
tsp	Dementia Sliver
tsp	Dralnu, Lich Lord
tsp	Firewake Sliver
tsp	Ghostflame Sliver
tsp	Ivory Giant
tsp	Harmonic Sliver
tsp	Ith, High Arcanist
tsp	Kaervek the Merciless
tsp	Mishra, Artificer Prodigy
tsp	Opaline Sliver
tsp	Saffi Eriksdotter
tsp	Scion of the Ur-Dragon
tsp	Stonebrow, Krosan Hero
tsp	Assembly-Worker
tsp	Brass Gnat
tsp	Jedit's Dragoons
tsp	Candles of Leng
tsp	Chromatic Star
tsp	Chronatog Totem
tsp	Clockwork Hydra
tsp	Foriysian Totem
tsp	Gauntlet of Power
tsp	Hivestone
tsp	Jhoira's Timebug
tsp	Locket of Yesterdays
tsp	Lotus Bloom
tsp	Knight of the Holy Nimbus
tsp	Paradise Plume
tsp	Phyrexian Totem
tsp	Prismatic Lens
tsp	Sarpadian Empires, Vol. VII
tsp	Stuffy Doll
tsp	Thunder Totem
tsp	Triskelavus
tsp	Venser's Sliver
tsp	Weatherseed Totem
tsp	Academy Ruins
tsp	Magus of the Disk
tsp	Calciform Pools
tsp	Dreadship Reef
tsp	Flagstones of Trokair
tsp	Fungal Reaches
tsp	Gemstone Caverns
tsp	Kher Keep
tsp	Molten Slagheap
tsp	Saltcrusted Steppe
tsp	Swarmyard
tsp	Terramorphic Expanse
tsp	Mangara of Corondor
tsp	Urza's Factory
tsp	Vesuva
tsp	Plains
tsp	Plains
tsp	Plains
tsp	Plains
tsp	Island
tsp	Island
tsp	Island
tsp	Island
tsp	Momentary Blink
tsp	Swamp
tsp	Swamp
tsp	Swamp
tsp	Swamp
tsp	Mountain
tsp	Mountain
tsp	Mountain
tsp	Mountain
tsp	Forest
tsp	Forest
tsp	Angel's Grace
tsp	Opal Guardian
tsp	Forest
tsp	Forest
tsp	Outrider en-Kor
tsp	Pentarch Paladin
tsp	Pentarch Ward
tsp	Plated Pegasus
tsp	Pull from Eternity
tsp	Pulmonic Sliver
tsp	Quilled Sliver
tsp	Restore Balance
tsp	Return to Dust
tsp	Benalish Cavalry
tsp	Serra Avenger
tsp	Sidewinder Sliver
tsp	Spirit Loop
tsp	Temporal Isolation
tsp	Tivadar of Thorn
tsp	Watcher Sliver
tsp	Weathered Bodyguards
tsp	Zealot il-Vec
tsp	Ancestral Vision
tsp	Bewilder
tsp	Castle Raptors
tsp	Brine Elemental
tsp	Cancel
tsp	Careful Consideration
tsp	Clockspinning
tsp	Coral Trickster
tsp	Crookclaw Transmuter
tsp	Deep-Sea Kraken
tsp	Draining Whelk
tsp	Dream Stalker
tsp	Drifter il-Dal
tsp	Cavalry Master
tsp	Errant Ephemeron
tsp	Eternity Snare
tsp	Fathom Seer
tsp	Fledgling Mawcor
tsp	Fool's Demise
tsp	Ixidron
tsp	Looter il-Kor
tsp	Magus of the Jar
tsp	Moonlace
tsp	Mystical Teachings
tsp	Celestial Crusader
tsp	Ophidian Eye
tsp	Paradox Haze
tsp	Psionic Sliver
tsp	Riftwing Cloudskate
tsp	Sage of Epityr
tsp	Screeching Sliver
tsp	Shadow Sliver
tsp	Slipstream Serpent
tsp	Snapback
tsp	Spell Burst
tsp	Children of Korlis
tsp	Spiketail Drakeling
tsp	Sprite Noble
tsp	Stormcloud Djinn
tsp	Teferi, Mage of Zhalfir
tsp	Telekinetic Sliver
tsp	Temporal Eddy
tsp	Think Twice
tsp	Tolarian Sentinel
tsp	Trickbind
tsp	Truth or Tale
tsp	Chronosavant
tsp	Vesuvan Shapeshifter
tsp	Viscerid Deepwalker
tsp	Voidmage Husher
tsp	Walk the Aeons
tsp	Wipe Away
tsp	Assassinate
tsp	Basal Sliver
tsp	Call to the Netherworld
tsp	Corpulent Corpse
tsp	Curse of the Cabal
tsb	Akroma, Angel of Wrath
tsb	Icatian Javelineers
tsb	Sol'kanar the Swamp King
tsb	Spined Sliver
tsb	Stormbind
tsb	Teferi's Moat
tsb	Vhati il-Dal
tsb	Void
tsb	Assault
tsb	Battery
tsb	Claws of Gix
tsb	Dodecapod
tsb	Feldon's Cane
tsb	Moorish Cavalry
tsb	Grinning Totem
tsb	Mindless Automaton
tsb	Mirari
tsb	The Rack
tsb	Serrated Arrows
tsb	Tormod's Crypt
tsb	War Barge
tsb	Arena
tsb	Desert
tsb	Gemstone Mine
tsb	Resurrection
tsb	Pendelhaven
tsb	Safe Haven
tsb	Sacred Mesa
tsb	Soltari Priest
tsb	Squire
tsb	Valor
tsb	Witch Hunter
tsb	Zhalfirin Commander
tsb	Dandân
tsb	Auratog
tsb	Flying Men
tsb	Ghost Ship
tsb	Giant Oyster
tsb	Leviathan
tsb	Lord of Atlantis
tsb	Merfolk Assassin
tsb	Mistform Ultimus
tsb	Ovinomancer
tsb	Pirate Ship
tsb	Prodigal Sorcerer
tsb	Celestial Dawn
tsb	Psionic Blast
tsb	Sindbad
tsb	Stormscape Familiar
tsb	Unstable Mutation
tsb	Voidmage Prodigy
tsb	Whispers of the Muse
tsb	Willbender
tsb	Avatar of Woe
tsb	Bad Moon
tsb	Conspiracy
tsb	Consecrate Land
tsb	Darkness
tsb	Dauthi Slayer
tsb	Evil Eye of Orms-by-Gore
tsb	Faceless Butcher
tsb	Funeral Charm
tsb	Sengir Autocrat
tsb	Shadow Guildmage
tsb	Soul Collector
tsb	Stupor
tsb	Swamp Mosquito
tsb	Defiant Vanguard
tsb	Twisted Abomination
tsb	Uncle Istvan
tsb	Undead Warchief
tsb	Undertaker
tsb	Withered Wretch
tsb	Avalanche Riders
tsb	Browbeat
tsb	Desolation Giant
tsb	Disintegrate
tsb	Dragon Whelp
tsb	Disenchant
tsb	Dragonstorm
tsb	Eron the Relentless
tsb	Fiery Temper
tsb	Fire Whip
tsb	Goblin Snowman
tsb	Kobold Taskmaster
tsb	Orcish Librarian
tsb	Orgg
tsb	Pandemonium
tsb	Suq'Ata Lancer
tsb	Enduring Renewal
tsb	Tribal Flames
tsb	Uthden Troll
tsb	Wildfire Emissary
tsb	Avoid Fate
tsb	Call of the Herd
tsb	Cockatrice
tsb	Craw Giant
tsb	Gaea's Blessing
tsb	Gaea's Liege
tsb	Hail Storm
tsb	Essence Sliver
tsb	Hunting Moa
tsb	Jolrael, Empress of Beasts
tsb	Krosan Cloudscraper
tsb	Scragnoth
tsb	Spike Feeder
tsb	Spitting Slug
tsb	Thallid
tsb	Thornscape Battlemage
tsb	Verdeloth the Ancient
tsb	Wall of Roots
tsb	Honorable Passage
tsb	Whirling Dervish
tsb	Coalition Victory
tsb	Fiery Justice
tsb	Jasmine Boreal
tsb	Lightning Angel
tsb	Merieke Ri Berit
tsb	Mystic Enforcer
tsb	Mystic Snake
tsb	Nicol Bolas
tsb	Shadowmage Infiltrator
tor	Angel of Retribution
tor	Morningtide
tor	Grim Lavamancer
tor	Hell-Bent Raider
tor	Kamahl's Sledge
tor	Longhorn Firebeast
tor	Overmaster
tor	Pardic Arsonist
tor	Pardic Collaborator
tor	Pardic Lancer
tor	Petradon
tor	Petravark
tor	Mystic Familiar
tor	Pitchstone Wall
tor	Possessed Barbarian
tor	Pyromania
tor	Radiate
tor	Skullscorch
tor	Sonic Seizure
tor	Temporary Insanity
tor	Violent Eruption
tor	Acorn Harvest
tor	Anurid Scavenger
tor	Pay No Heed
tor	Arrogant Wurm
tor	Basking Rootwalla
tor	Centaur Chieftain
tor	Centaur Veteran
tor	Dwell on the Past
tor	Far Wanderings
tor	Gurzigost
tor	Insist
tor	Invigorating Falls
tor	Krosan Constrictor
tor	Possessed Nomad
tor	Krosan Restorer
tor	Nantuko Blightcutter
tor	Nantuko Calmer
tor	Nantuko Cultivator
tor	Narcissism
tor	Nostalgic Dreams
tor	Parallel Evolution
tor	Possessed Centaur
tor	Seton's Scout
tor	Cabal Coffers
tor	Reborn Hero
tor	Tainted Field
tor	Tainted Isle
tor	Tainted Peak
tor	Tainted Wood
tor	Spirit Flare
tor	Stern Judge
tor	Strength of Isolation
tor	Teroh's Faithful
tor	Teroh's Vanguard
tor	Aven Trooper
tor	Transcendence
tor	Vengeful Dreams
tor	Alter Reality
tor	Ambassador Laquatus
tor	Aquamoeba
tor	Balshan Collaborator
tor	Breakthrough
tor	Cephalid Aristocrat
tor	Cephalid Illusionist
tor	Cephalid Sage
tor	Cleansing Meditation
tor	Cephalid Snitch
tor	Cephalid Vandal
tor	Churning Eddy
tor	Circular Logic
tor	Compulsion
tor	Coral Net
tor	Deep Analysis
tor	False Memories
tor	Ghostly Wings
tor	Hydromorph Guardian
tor	Equal Treatment
tor	Hydromorph Gull
tor	Liquify
tor	Llawan, Cephalid Empress
tor	Obsessive Search
tor	Plagiarize
tor	Possessed Aven
tor	Retraced Image
tor	Skywing Aven
tor	Stupefying Touch
tor	Turbulent Dreams
tor	Floating Shield
tor	Boneshard Slasher
tor	Cabal Ritual
tor	Cabal Surgeon
tor	Cabal Torturer
tor	Carrion Rats
tor	Carrion Wurm
tor	Chainer, Dementia Master
tor	Chainer's Edict
tor	Crippling Fatigue
tor	Dawn of the Dead
tor	Frantic Purification
tor	Faceless Butcher
tor	Gloomdrifter
tor	Gravegouger
tor	Grotesque Hybrid
tor	Hypnox
tor	Ichorid
tor	Insidious Dreams
tor	Laquatus's Champion
tor	Last Laugh
tor	Mesmeric Fiend
tor	Hypochondria
tor	Mind Sludge
tor	Mortal Combat
tor	Mortiphobia
tor	Mutilate
tor	Nantuko Shade
tor	Organ Grinder
tor	Psychotic Haze
tor	Putrid Imp
tor	Rancid Earth
tor	Restless Dreams
tor	Major Teroh
tor	Sengir Vampire
tor	Shade's Form
tor	Shambling Swarm
tor	Sickening Dreams
tor	Slithery Stalker
tor	Soul Scourge
tor	Strength of Lunacy
tor	Unhinge
tor	Waste Away
tor	Zombie Trailblazer
tor	Militant Monk
tor	Accelerate
tor	Balthor the Stout
tor	Barbarian Outcast
tor	Crackling Club
tor	Crazed Firecat
tor	Devastating Dreams
tor	Enslaved Dwarf
tor	Fiery Temper
tor	Flaming Gambit
tor	Flash of Defiance
ugl	Plains
ugl	Island
ugl	Swamp
ugl	Mountain
ugl	Forest
unh	Plains
unh	Island
unh	Swamp
unh	Mountain
unh	Forest
2ed	Animate Dead
2ed	Deathlace
2ed	Elvish Archers
2ed	Fastbond
2ed	Fog
2ed	Force of Nature
2ed	Fungusaur
2ed	Gaea's Liege
2ed	Giant Growth
2ed	Giant Spider
2ed	Grizzly Bears
2ed	Hurricane
2ed	Demonic Attorney
2ed	Instill Energy
2ed	Ironroot Treefolk
2ed	Kudzu
2ed	Ley Druid
2ed	Lifeforce
2ed	Lifelace
2ed	Living Artifact
2ed	Living Lands
2ed	Llanowar Elves
2ed	Demonic Hordes
2ed	Lure
2ed	Natural Selection
2ed	Regeneration
2ed	Regrowth
2ed	Scryb Sprites
2ed	Shanodin Dryads
2ed	Stream of Life
2ed	Thicket Basilisk
2ed	Timber Wolves
2ed	Tranquility
2ed	Demonic Tutor
2ed	Tsunami
2ed	Verduran Enchantress
2ed	Wall of Brambles
2ed	Wall of Ice
2ed	Wall of Wood
2ed	Wanderlust
2ed	War Mammoth
2ed	Web
2ed	Wild Growth
2ed	Burrowing
2ed	Drain Life
2ed	Chaoslace
2ed	Disintegrate
2ed	Dragon Whelp
2ed	Dwarven Demolition Team
2ed	Dwarven Warriors
2ed	Earth Elemental
2ed	Earthbind
2ed	Earthquake
2ed	False Orders
2ed	Fire Elemental
2ed	Drudge Skeletons
2ed	Fireball
2ed	Firebreathing
2ed	Flashfires
2ed	Fork
2ed	Goblin Balloon Brigade
2ed	Goblin King
2ed	Granite Gargoyle
2ed	Gray Ogre
2ed	Hill Giant
2ed	Hurloon Minotaur
2ed	Evil Presence
2ed	Ironclaw Orcs
2ed	Keldon Warlord
2ed	Lightning Bolt
2ed	Mana Flare
2ed	Manabarbs
2ed	Mons's Goblin Raiders
2ed	Orcish Artillery
2ed	Orcish Oriflamme
2ed	Power Surge
2ed	Raging River
2ed	Fear
2ed	Red Elemental Blast
2ed	Roc of Kher Ridges
2ed	Rock Hydra
2ed	Sedge Troll
2ed	Shatter
2ed	Shivan Dragon
2ed	Smoke
2ed	Stone Giant
2ed	Stone Rain
2ed	Tunnel
2ed	Frozen Shade
2ed	Two-Headed Giant of Foriys
2ed	Uthden Troll
2ed	Wall of Fire
2ed	Wall of Stone
2ed	Wheel of Fortune
2ed	Animate Wall
2ed	Armageddon
2ed	Balance
2ed	Lance
2ed	Benalish Hero
2ed	Black Ward
2ed	Gloom
2ed	Blaze of Glory
2ed	Blessing
2ed	Blue Ward
2ed	Castle
2ed	Circle of Protection: Black
2ed	Circle of Protection: Blue
2ed	Circle of Protection: Green
2ed	Circle of Protection: Red
2ed	Circle of Protection: White
2ed	Consecrate Land
2ed	Bad Moon
2ed	Howl from Beyond
2ed	Conversion
2ed	Crusade
2ed	Death Ward
2ed	Disenchant
2ed	Farmstead
2ed	Green Ward
2ed	Guardian Angel
2ed	Healing Salve
2ed	Holy Armor
2ed	Holy Strength
2ed	Hypnotic Specter
2ed	Island Sanctuary
2ed	Karma
2ed	Mesa Pegasus
2ed	Northern Paladin
2ed	Pearled Unicorn
2ed	Personal Incarnation
2ed	Purelace
2ed	Red Ward
2ed	Resurrection
2ed	Reverse Damage
2ed	Righteousness
2ed	Samite Healer
2ed	Savannah Lions
2ed	Serra Angel
2ed	Swords to Plowshares
2ed	Veteran Bodyguard
2ed	Wall of Swords
2ed	White Knight
2ed	White Ward
2ed	Lord of the Pit
2ed	Wrath of God
2ed	Ankh of Mishra
2ed	Basalt Monolith
2ed	Black Vise
2ed	Celestial Prism
2ed	Chaos Orb
2ed	Clockwork Beast
2ed	Lich
2ed	Conservator
2ed	Copper Tablet
2ed	Mind Twist
2ed	Crystal Rod
2ed	Cyclopean Tomb
2ed	Dingus Egg
2ed	Disrupting Scepter
2ed	Forcefield
2ed	Gauntlet of Might
2ed	Glasses of Urza
2ed	Helm of Chatzuk
2ed	Howling Mine
2ed	Icy Manipulator
2ed	Nether Shadow
2ed	Illusionary Mask
2ed	Iron Star
2ed	Ivory Cup
2ed	Jade Monolith
2ed	Jade Statue
2ed	Jayemdae Tome
2ed	Juggernaut
2ed	Kormus Bell
2ed	Library of Leng
2ed	Living Wall
2ed	Nettling Imp
2ed	Mana Vault
2ed	Meekstone
2ed	Mox Emerald
2ed	Mox Jet
2ed	Mox Pearl
2ed	Mox Ruby
2ed	Mox Sapphire
2ed	Nevinyrral's Disk
2ed	Obsianus Golem
2ed	Rod of Ruin
2ed	Nightmare
2ed	Sol Ring
2ed	Soul Net
2ed	Sunglasses of Urza
2ed	The Hive
2ed	Throne of Bone
2ed	Time Vault
2ed	Winter Orb
2ed	Wooden Sphere
2ed	Badlands
2ed	Bayou
2ed	Paralyze
2ed	Forest
2ed	Island
2ed	Mountain
2ed	Plains
2ed	Pestilence
2ed	Plateau
2ed	Savannah
2ed	Scrubland
2ed	Swamp
2ed	Taiga
2ed	Tropical Island
2ed	Black Knight
2ed	Plague Rats
2ed	Tundra
2ed	Underground Sea
2ed	Volcanic Island
2ed	Raise Dead
2ed	Royal Assassin
2ed	Sacrifice
2ed	Scathe Zombies
2ed	Scavenging Ghoul
2ed	Sengir Vampire
2ed	Simulacrum
2ed	Sinkhole
2ed	Terror
2ed	Bog Wraith
2ed	Unholy Strength
2ed	Wall of Bone
2ed	Warp Artifact
2ed	Weakness
2ed	Will-o'-the-Wisp
2ed	Word of Command
2ed	Zombie Master
2ed	Air Elemental
2ed	Ancestral Recall
2ed	Animate Artifact
2ed	Contract from Below
2ed	Blue Elemental Blast
2ed	Braingeyser
2ed	Clone
2ed	Control Magic
2ed	Copy Artifact
2ed	Counterspell
2ed	Creature Bond
2ed	Drain Power
2ed	Feedback
2ed	Flight
2ed	Cursed Land
2ed	Invisibility
2ed	Jump
2ed	Lifetap
2ed	Lord of Atlantis
2ed	Magical Hack
2ed	Mahamoti Djinn
2ed	Mana Short
2ed	Merfolk of the Pearl Trident
2ed	Phantasmal Forces
2ed	Phantasmal Terrain
2ed	Dark Ritual
2ed	Black Lotus
2ed	Phantom Monster
2ed	Pirate Ship
2ed	Power Leak
2ed	Power Sink
2ed	Prodigal Sorcerer
2ed	Psionic Blast
2ed	Ice Storm
2ed	Psychic Venom
2ed	Sea Serpent
2ed	Siren's Call
2ed	Sleight of Mind
2ed	Darkpact
2ed	Spell Blast
2ed	Stasis
2ed	Steal Artifact
2ed	Thoughtlace
2ed	Time Walk
2ed	Timetwister
2ed	Twiddle
2ed	Unsummon
2ed	Vesuvan Doppelganger
2ed	Volcanic Eruption
2ed	Deathgrip
2ed	Wall of Air
2ed	Wall of Water
2ed	Water Elemental
2ed	Aspect of Wolf
2ed	Berserk
2ed	Birds of Paradise
2ed	Camouflage
2ed	Channel
2ed	Cockatrice
2ed	Craw Wurm
uds	Academy Rector
uds	Jasmine Seer
uds	Wild Colos
uds	Ancient Silverback
uds	Compost
uds	Elvish Lookout
uds	Elvish Piper
uds	Emperor Crocodile
uds	Gamekeeper
uds	Goliath Beetle
uds	Heart Warden
uds	Hunting Moa
uds	Mask of Law and Grace
uds	Ivy Seer
uds	Magnify
uds	Marker Beetles
uds	Momentum
uds	Multani's Decree
uds	Pattern of Rebirth
uds	Plated Spider
uds	Plow Under
uds	Rofellos, Llanowar Emissary
uds	Rofellos's Gift
uds	Master Healer
uds	Scent of Ivy
uds	Splinter
uds	Taunting Elf
uds	Thorn Elemental
uds	Yavimaya Elder
uds	Yavimaya Enchantress
uds	Braidwood Cup
uds	Braidwood Sextant
uds	Brass Secretary
uds	Caltrops
uds	Opalescence
uds	Extruder
uds	Fodder Cannon
uds	Junk Diver
uds	Mantis Engine
uds	Masticore
uds	Metalworker
uds	Powder Keg
uds	Scrying Glass
uds	Storage Matrix
uds	Thran Dynamo
uds	Reliquary Monk
uds	Thran Foundry
uds	Thran Golem
uds	Urza's Incubator
uds	Yavimaya Hollow
uds	Replenish
uds	Sanctimony
uds	Scent of Jasmine
uds	Scour
uds	Serra Advocate
uds	Archery Training
uds	Solidarity
uds	Tethered Griffin
uds	Tormented Angel
uds	Voice of Duty
uds	Voice of Reason
uds	Wall of Glare
uds	Aura Thief
uds	Blizzard Elemental
uds	Brine Seer
uds	Bubbling Beebles
uds	Capashen Knight
uds	Disappear
uds	Donate
uds	Fatigue
uds	Fledgling Osprey
uds	Illuminated Wings
uds	Iridescent Drake
uds	Kingfisher
uds	Mental Discipline
uds	Metathran Elite
uds	Metathran Soldier
uds	Capashen Standard
uds	Opposition
uds	Private Research
uds	Quash
uds	Rayne, Academy Chancellor
uds	Rescue
uds	Scent of Brine
uds	Sigil of Sleep
uds	Telepathic Spies
uds	Temporal Adept
uds	Thieving Magpie
uds	Capashen Templar
uds	Treachery
uds	Apprentice Necromancer
uds	Attrition
uds	Body Snatcher
uds	Bubbling Muck
uds	Carnival of Souls
uds	Chime of Night
uds	Disease Carriers
uds	Dying Wail
uds	Encroach
uds	False Prophet
uds	Eradicate
uds	Festering Wound
uds	Lurking Jackals
uds	Nightshade Seer
uds	Phyrexian Monitor
uds	Phyrexian Negator
uds	Plague Dogs
uds	Rapid Decay
uds	Ravenous Rats
uds	Scent of Nightshade
uds	Fend Off
uds	Skittering Horror
uds	Slinking Skirge
uds	Soul Feast
uds	Squirming Mass
uds	Twisted Experiment
uds	Yawgmoth's Bargain
uds	Aether Sting
uds	Bloodshot Cyclops
uds	Cinder Seer
uds	Colos Yearling
uds	Field Surgeon
uds	Covetous Dragon
uds	Flame Jet
uds	Goblin Berserker
uds	Goblin Festival
uds	Goblin Gardener
uds	Goblin Marshal
uds	Goblin Masons
uds	Hulking Ogre
uds	Impatience
uds	Incendiary
uds	Flicker
uds	Keldon Champion
uds	Keldon Vandals
uds	Landslide
uds	Mark of Fury
uds	Reckless Abandon
uds	Repercussion
uds	Scent of Cinder
uds	Sowing Salt
uds	Trumpet Blast
uds	Wake of Destruction
ulg	Angelic Curator
ulg	Iron Will
ulg	Defense of the Heart
ulg	Deranged Hermit
ulg	Gang of Elk
ulg	Harmonic Convergence
ulg	Hidden Gibbons
ulg	Lone Wolf
ulg	Might of Oaks
ulg	Multani, Maro-Sorcerer
ulg	Multani's Acolyte
ulg	Multani's Presence
ulg	Karmic Guide
ulg	Rancor
ulg	Repopulate
ulg	Silk Net
ulg	Simian Grunts
ulg	Treefolk Mystic
ulg	Weatherseed Elf
ulg	Weatherseed Treefolk
ulg	Wing Snare
ulg	Yavimaya Granger
ulg	Yavimaya Scion
ulg	Knighthood
ulg	Yavimaya Wurm
ulg	Angel's Trumpet
ulg	Beast of Burden
ulg	Crawlspace
ulg	Damping Engine
ulg	Defense Grid
ulg	Grim Monolith
ulg	Iron Maiden
ulg	Jhoira's Toolbox
ulg	Memory Jar
ulg	Martyr's Cause
ulg	Quicksilver Amulet
ulg	Ring of Gix
ulg	Scrapheap
ulg	Thran Lens
ulg	Thran War Machine
ulg	Thran Weaponry
ulg	Ticking Gnomes
ulg	Urza's Blueprints
ulg	Wheel of Torture
ulg	Faerie Conclave
ulg	Mother of Runes
ulg	Forbidding Watchtower
ulg	Ghitu Encampment
ulg	Spawning Pool
ulg	Treetop Village
ulg	Opal Avenger
ulg	Opal Champion
ulg	Peace and Quiet
ulg	Planar Collapse
ulg	Purify
ulg	Blessed Reversal
ulg	Radiant, Archangel
ulg	Radiant's Dragoons
ulg	Radiant's Judgment
ulg	Sustainer of the Realm
ulg	Tragic Poet
ulg	Anthroplasm
ulg	Archivist
ulg	Aura Flux
ulg	Bouncing Beebles
ulg	Cloud of Faeries
ulg	Burst of Energy
ulg	Delusions of Mediocrity
ulg	Fleeting Image
ulg	Frantic Search
ulg	Intervene
ulg	King Crab
ulg	Levitation
ulg	Miscalculation
ulg	Opportunity
ulg	Palinchron
ulg	Raven Familiar
ulg	Cessation
ulg	Rebuild
ulg	Second Chance
ulg	Slow Motion
ulg	Snap
ulg	Thornwind Faeries
ulg	Tinker
ulg	Vigilant Drake
ulg	Walking Sponge
ulg	Weatherseed Faeries
ulg	Bone Shredder
ulg	Defender of Law
ulg	Brink of Madness
ulg	Engineered Plague
ulg	Eviscerator
ulg	Fog of Gnats
ulg	Giant Cockroach
ulg	Lurking Skirge
ulg	No Mercy
ulg	Ostracize
ulg	Phyrexian Broodlings
ulg	Phyrexian Debaser
ulg	Devout Harpist
ulg	Phyrexian Defiler
ulg	Phyrexian Denouncer
ulg	Phyrexian Plaguelord
ulg	Phyrexian Reclamation
ulg	Plague Beetle
ulg	Rank and File
ulg	Sick and Tired
ulg	Sleeper's Guile
ulg	Subversion
ulg	Swat
ulg	Erase
ulg	Tethered Skirge
ulg	Treacherous Link
ulg	Unearth
ulg	About Face
ulg	Avalanche Riders
ulg	Defender of Chaos
ulg	Ghitu Fire-Eater
ulg	Ghitu Slinger
ulg	Ghitu War Cry
ulg	Goblin Medics
ulg	Expendable Troops
ulg	Goblin Welder
ulg	Granite Grip
ulg	Impending Disaster
ulg	Last-Ditch Effort
ulg	Lava Axe
ulg	Molten Hydra
ulg	Parch
ulg	Pygmy Pyrosaur
ulg	Pyromancy
ulg	Rack and Ruin
ulg	Hope and Glory
ulg	Rivalry
ulg	Shivan Phoenix
ulg	Sluggishness
ulg	Viashino Bey
ulg	Viashino Cutthroat
ulg	Viashino Heretic
ulg	Viashino Sandscout
ulg	Bloated Toad
ulg	Crop Rotation
ulg	Darkwatch Elves
usg	Absolute Grace
usg	Disciple of Grace
usg	Stroke of Genius
usg	Sunder
usg	Telepathy
usg	Time Spiral
usg	Tolarian Winds
usg	Turnabout
usg	Veil of Birds
usg	Veiled Apparition
usg	Veiled Crocodile
usg	Veiled Sentry
usg	Disciple of Law
usg	Veiled Serpent
usg	Windfall
usg	Wizard Mentor
usg	Zephid
usg	Zephid's Embrace
usg	Abyssal Horror
usg	Befoul
usg	Bereavement
usg	Blood Vassal
usg	Bog Raiders
usg	Disenchant
usg	Breach
usg	Cackling Fiend
usg	Carrion Beetles
usg	Contamination
usg	Corrupt
usg	Crazed Skirge
usg	Dark Hatchling
usg	Dark Ritual
usg	Darkest Hour
usg	Despondency
usg	Elite Archers
usg	Diabolic Servitude
usg	Discordant Dirge
usg	Duress
usg	Eastern Paladin
usg	Exhume
usg	Expunge
usg	Flesh Reaver
usg	Hollow Dogs
usg	Ill-Gotten Gains
usg	Looming Shade
usg	Faith Healer
usg	Lurking Evil
usg	Mana Leech
usg	No Rest for the Wicked
usg	Oppression
usg	Order of Yawgmoth
usg	Parasitic Bond
usg	Persecute
usg	Pestilence
usg	Phyrexian Ghoul
usg	Planar Void
usg	Glorious Anthem
usg	Priest of Gix
usg	Rain of Filth
usg	Ravenous Skirge
usg	Reclusive Wight
usg	Reprocess
usg	Sanguine Guard
usg	Sicken
usg	Skirge Familiar
usg	Skittering Skirge
usg	Sleeper Agent
usg	Healing Salve
usg	Spined Fluke
usg	Tainted Aether
usg	Unnerve
usg	Unworthy Dead
usg	Vampiric Embrace
usg	Vebulid
usg	Victimize
usg	Vile Requiem
usg	Western Paladin
usg	Witch Engine
usg	Herald of Serra
usg	Yawgmoth's Edict
usg	Yawgmoth's Will
usg	Acidic Soil
usg	Antagonism
usg	Arc Lightning
usg	Bedlam
usg	Brand
usg	Bravado
usg	Bulwark
usg	Crater Hellion
usg	Humble
usg	Destructive Urge
usg	Disorder
usg	Dromosaur
usg	Electryte
usg	Falter
usg	Fault Line
usg	Fiery Mantle
usg	Fire Ants
usg	Gamble
usg	Goblin Cadets
usg	Intrepid Hero
usg	Goblin Lackey
usg	Goblin Matron
usg	Goblin Offensive
usg	Goblin Patrol
usg	Goblin Raider
usg	Goblin Spelunkers
usg	Goblin War Buggy
usg	Guma
usg	Headlong Rush
usg	Heat Ray
usg	Absolute Law
usg	Monk Idealist
usg	Jagged Lightning
usg	Lay Waste
usg	Lightning Dragon
usg	Meltdown
usg	Okk
usg	Outmaneuver
usg	Rain of Salt
usg	Raze
usg	Reflexes
usg	Retromancer
usg	Monk Realist
usg	Rumbling Crescendo
usg	Scald
usg	Scoria Wurm
usg	Scrap
usg	Shiv's Embrace
usg	Shivan Hellkite
usg	Shivan Raptor
usg	Shower of Sparks
usg	Sneak Attack
usg	Steam Blast
usg	Opal Acrolith
usg	Sulfuric Vapors
usg	Thundering Giant
usg	Torch Song
usg	Viashino Outrider
usg	Viashino Runner
usg	Viashino Sandswimmer
usg	Viashino Weaponsmith
usg	Vug Lizard
usg	Wildfire
usg	Abundance
usg	Opal Archangel
usg	Acridian
usg	Albino Troll
usg	Anaconda
usg	Argothian Elder
usg	Argothian Enchantress
usg	Argothian Swine
usg	Argothian Wurm
usg	Blanchwood Armor
usg	Blanchwood Treefolk
usg	Bull Hippo
usg	Opal Caryatid
usg	Carpet of Flowers
usg	Cave Tiger
usg	Child of Gaea
usg	Citanul Centaurs
usg	Citanul Hierophants
usg	Cradle Guard
usg	Crosswinds
usg	Elvish Herder
usg	Elvish Lyrist
usg	Endless Wurm
usg	Opal Gargoyle
usg	Exploration
usg	Fecundity
usg	Fertile Ground
usg	Fortitude
usg	Gaea's Bounty
usg	Gaea's Embrace
usg	Gorilla Warrior
usg	Greater Good
usg	Greener Pastures
usg	Hawkeater Moth
usg	Opal Titan
usg	Hidden Ancients
usg	Hidden Guerrillas
usg	Hidden Herd
usg	Hidden Predators
usg	Hidden Spider
usg	Hidden Stag
usg	Hush
usg	Lull
usg	Midsummer Revel
usg	Pouncing Jaguar
usg	Pacifism
usg	Priest of Titania
usg	Rejuvenate
usg	Retaliation
usg	Sporogenesis
usg	Spreading Algae
usg	Symbiosis
usg	Titania's Boon
usg	Titania's Chosen
usg	Treefolk Seedlings
usg	Treetop Rangers
usg	Pariah
usg	Venomous Fangs
usg	Vernal Bloom
usg	War Dance
usg	Whirlwind
usg	Wild Dogs
usg	Winding Wurm
usg	Barrin's Codex
usg	Cathodion
usg	Chimeric Staff
usg	Citanul Flute
usg	Path of Peace
usg	Claws of Gix
usg	Copper Gnomes
usg	Crystal Chimes
usg	Dragon Blood
usg	Endoskeleton
usg	Fluctuator
usg	Grafted Skullcap
usg	Hopping Automaton
usg	Karn, Silver Golem
usg	Lifeline
usg	Angelic Chorus
usg	Pegasus Charger
usg	Lotus Blossom
usg	Metrognome
usg	Mishra's Helix
usg	Mobile Fort
usg	Noetic Scales
usg	Phyrexian Processor
usg	Phyrexian Colossus
usg	Pit Trap
usg	Purging Scythe
usg	Smokestack
usg	Planar Birth
usg	Temporal Aperture
usg	Thran Turbine
usg	Umbilicus
usg	Urza's Armor
usg	Voltaic Key
usg	Wall of Junk
usg	Whetstone
usg	Wirecat
usg	Worn Powerstone
usg	Blasted Landscape
usg	Presence of the Master
usg	Drifting Meadow
usg	Gaea's Cradle
usg	Phyrexian Tower
usg	Polluted Mire
usg	Remote Isle
usg	Serra's Sanctum
usg	Shivan Gorge
usg	Slippery Karst
usg	Smoldering Crater
usg	Thran Quarry
usg	Redeem
usg	Tolarian Academy
usg	Plains
usg	Plains
usg	Plains
usg	Plains
usg	Island
usg	Island
usg	Island
usg	Island
usg	Swamp
usg	Remembrance
usg	Swamp
usg	Swamp
usg	Swamp
usg	Mountain
usg	Mountain
usg	Mountain
usg	Mountain
usg	Forest
usg	Forest
usg	Forest
usg	Rune of Protection: Artifacts
usg	Forest
usg	Rune of Protection: Black
usg	Rune of Protection: Blue
usg	Rune of Protection: Green
usg	Rune of Protection: Lands
usg	Angelic Page
usg	Rune of Protection: Red
usg	Rune of Protection: White
usg	Sanctum Custodian
usg	Sanctum Guardian
usg	Seasoned Marshal
usg	Serra Avatar
usg	Serra Zealot
usg	Serra's Embrace
usg	Serra's Hymn
usg	Serra's Liturgy
usg	Brilliant Halo
usg	Shimmering Barrier
usg	Silent Attendant
usg	Songstitcher
usg	Soul Sculptor
usg	Voice of Grace
usg	Voice of Law
usg	Waylay
usg	Worship
usg	Academy Researchers
usg	Annul
usg	Catastrophe
usg	Arcane Laboratory
usg	Attunement
usg	Back to Basics
usg	Barrin, Master Wizard
usg	Catalog
usg	Cloak of Mists
usg	Confiscate
usg	Coral Merfolk
usg	Curfew
usg	Disruptive Student
usg	Clear
usg	Douse
usg	Drifting Djinn
usg	Enchantment Alteration
usg	Energy Field
usg	Exhaustion
usg	Fog Bank
usg	Gilded Drake
usg	Great Whale
usg	Hermetic Study
usg	Hibernation
usg	Congregate
usg	Horseshoe Crab
usg	Imaginary Pet
usg	Launch
usg	Lilting Refrain
usg	Lingering Mirage
usg	Morphling
usg	Pendrell Drake
usg	Pendrell Flux
usg	Peregrine Drake
usg	Power Sink
usg	Defensive Formation
usg	Power Taint
usg	Recantation
usg	Rescind
usg	Rewind
usg	Sandbar Merfolk
usg	Sandbar Serpent
usg	Show and Tell
usg	Somnophore
usg	Spire Owl
usg	Stern Proctor
vma	Ancestral Recall
vma	Afterlife
vma	Upheaval
vma	Volrath's Shapeshifter
vma	Waterfront Bouncer
vma	Addle
vma	Animate Dead
vma	Baleful Force
vma	Cabal Ritual
vma	Carnophage
vma	Chainer's Edict
vma	Choking Sands
vma	Akroma's Blessing
vma	Crovax the Cursed
vma	Cruel Bargain
vma	Dark Hatchling
vma	Dark Ritual
vma	Dauthi Mercenary
vma	Death's-Head Buzzard
vma	Demonic Tutor
vma	Drakestown Forgotten
vma	Expunge
vma	Fallen Askari
vma	Armageddon
vma	Famine
vma	Fledgling Djinn
vma	Hymn to Tourach
vma	Ichorid
vma	Kezzerdrix
vma	Laquatus's Champion
vma	Living Death
vma	Lurking Evil
vma	Mesmeric Fiend
vma	Nature's Ruin
vma	Astral Slide
vma	Necropotence
vma	Nightscape Familiar
vma	Paralyze
vma	Phyrexian Defiler
vma	Predatory Nightstalker
vma	Putrid Imp
vma	Reanimate
vma	Recurring Nightmare
vma	Reign of the Pit
vma	Sarcomancy
vma	Balance
vma	Skirge Familiar
vma	Spinal Graft
vma	Tendrils of Agony
vma	Tyrant's Choice
vma	Urborg Uprising
vma	Vampiric Tutor
vma	Visara the Dreadful
vma	Yawgmoth's Bargain
vma	Yawgmoth's Will
vma	Aftershock
vma	Battle Screech
vma	Beetleback Chief
vma	Burning of Xinye
vma	Burning Wish
vma	Chain Lightning
vma	Chaos Warp
vma	Chartooth Cougar
vma	Clickslither
vma	Crater Hellion
vma	Falter
vma	Fireblast
vma	Benalish Trapper
vma	Flametongue Kavu
vma	Flowstone Hellion
vma	Gamble
vma	Giant Strength
vma	Goblin Commando
vma	Goblin General
vma	Goblin Goon
vma	Goblin Lackey
vma	Goblin Matron
vma	Goblin Patrol
vma	Benevolent Bodyguard
vma	Goblin Piledriver
vma	Goblin Ringleader
vma	Goblin Settler
vma	Goblin Warchief
vma	Hulking Goblin
vma	Kaervek's Torch
vma	Kindle
vma	Lightning Dragon
vma	Lightning Rift
vma	Orcish Lumberjack
vma	Breath of Life
vma	Pillaging Horde
vma	Reckless Charge
vma	Rites of Initiation
vma	Rorix Bladewing
vma	Scourge of the Throne
vma	Skirk Drill Sergeant
vma	Skirk Prospector
vma	Solar Blast
vma	Spark Spray
vma	Starstorm
vma	Brilliant Halo
vma	Sulfuric Vortex
vma	Wall of Diffusion
vma	Wheel of Fortune
vma	Worldgorger Dragon
vma	Armor of Thorns
vma	Arrogant Wurm
vma	Basking Rootwalla
vma	Berserk
vma	Blastoderm
vma	Brindle Shoat
vma	Time Walk
vma	Council's Judgment
vma	Channel
vma	Claws of Wirewood
vma	Deranged Hermit
vma	Desert Twister
vma	Dreampod Druid
vma	Elephant Guide
vma	Elvish Aberration
vma	Erhnam Djinn
vma	Eureka
vma	Fastbond
vma	Crescendo of War
vma	Fyndhorn Elves
vma	Gaea's Embrace
vma	Genesis
vma	Giant Mantis
vma	Gigapede
vma	Grizzly Fate
vma	Hermit Druid
vma	Jungle Wurm
vma	Krosan Tusker
vma	Krosan Vorine
vma	Decree of Justice
vma	Nature's Lore
vma	Norwood Priestess
vma	Nostalgic Dreams
vma	Oath of Druids
vma	Penumbra Wurm
vma	Provoke
vma	Realm Seekers
vma	Regrowth
vma	Roar of the Wurm
vma	Rofellos, Llanowar Emissary
vma	Deftblade Elite
vma	Saproling Burst
vma	Silvos, Rogue Elemental
vma	Simian Grunts
vma	Sudden Strength
vma	Survival of the Fittest
vma	Sylvan Library
vma	Symbiotic Wurm
vma	Tangle
vma	Tribute to the Wild
vma	Wild Mongrel
vma	Devout Witness
vma	Yavimaya Elder
vma	Aether Mutation
vma	Armadillo Cloak
vma	Baleful Strix
vma	Basandra, Battle Seraph
vma	Blazing Specter
vma	Brago, King Eternal
vma	Dack Fayden
vma	Dack's Duplicate
vma	Death Grasp
vma	Empyrial Armor
vma	Deathreap Ritual
vma	Edric, Spymaster of Trest
vma	Fires of Yavimaya
vma	Goblin Trenches
vma	Grenzo, Dungeon Warden
vma	Magister of Worth
vma	Marchesa, the Black Rose
vma	Prophetic Bolt
vma	Psychatog
vma	Reviving Vapors
vma	Eternal Dragon
vma	Selvala, Explorer Returned
vma	Shivan Wurm
vma	Spiritmonger
vma	Ankh of Mishra
vma	Chimeric Idol
vma	City in a Bottle
vma	Coercive Portal
vma	Cursed Scroll
vma	Flowstone Sculpture
vma	Ivory Tower
vma	Exile
vma	Karn, Silver Golem
vma	Lion's Eye Diamond
vma	Mana Crypt
vma	Mana Prism
vma	Mana Vault
vma	Masticore
vma	Memory Jar
vma	Nevinyrral's Disk
vma	Null Rod
vma	Predator, Flagship
vma	Gerrard's Battle Cry
vma	Ring of Gix
vma	Skullclamp
vma	Smokestack
vma	Sol Ring
vma	Sphere of Resistance
vma	Su-Chi
vma	Thopter Squadron
vma	Time Vault
vma	Triangle of War
vma	Ancient Tomb
vma	Gilded Light
vma	Bad River
vma	Badlands
vma	Barren Moor
vma	Bayou
vma	Bazaar of Baghdad
vma	Caldera Lake
vma	Flood Plain
vma	Forgotten Cave
vma	Grand Coliseum
vma	Grasslands
vma	Timetwister
vma	Gustcloak Harrier
vma	Keldon Necropolis
vma	Kjeldoran Outpost
vma	Lake of the Dead
vma	Library of Alexandria
vma	Lonely Sandbar
vma	Mishra's Workshop
vma	Mountain Valley
vma	Pine Barrens
vma	Plateau
vma	Rocky Tar Pit
vma	Jareth, Leonine Titan
vma	Salt Flats
vma	Savannah
vma	Scabland
vma	Scrubland
vma	Secluded Steppe
vma	Skyshroud Forest
vma	Strip Mine
vma	Taiga
vma	Thawing Glaciers
vma	Tolarian Academy
vma	Karmic Guide
vma	Tranquil Thicket
vma	Tropical Island
vma	Tundra
vma	Underground Sea
vma	Volcanic Island
vma	Yavimaya Hollow
vma	Kongming, "Sleeping Dragon"
vma	Mistmoon Griffin
vma	Mystic Zealot
vma	Noble Templar
vma	Parallax Wave
vma	Phantom Nomad
vma	Pianna, Nomad Captain
vma	Black Lotus
vma	Radiant, Archangel
vma	Radiant's Judgment
vma	Renewed Faith
vma	Seal of Cleansing
vma	Shelter
vma	Sidar Jabari
vma	Soltari Emissary
vma	Soltari Trooper
vma	Spirit Cairn
vma	Spirit Mirror
vma	Mox Emerald
vma	Stoic Champion
vma	Swords to Plowshares
vma	Teroh's Faithful
vma	Winds of Rath
vma	Zhalfirin Crusader
vma	Academy Elite
vma	Aquamoeba
vma	Brain Freeze
vma	Brainstorm
vma	Choking Tethers
vma	Mox Jet
vma	Circular Logic
vma	Cloud Djinn
vma	Cloud of Faeries
vma	Control Magic
vma	Counterspell
vma	Deep Analysis
vma	Ephemeron
vma	Fact or Fiction
vma	Flusterstorm
vma	Force of Will
vma	Mox Pearl
vma	Frantic Search
vma	Future Sight
vma	Gush
vma	High Tide
vma	Jace, the Mind Sculptor
vma	Keeneye Aven
vma	Killer Whale
vma	Krovikan Sorcerer
vma	Mana Drain
vma	Man-o'-War
vma	Mox Ruby
vma	Mind's Desire
vma	Morphling
vma	Muzzio, Visionary Architect
vma	Obsessive Search
vma	Ophidian
vma	Owl Familiar
vma	Palinchron
vma	Plea for Power
vma	Power Sink
vma	Repel
vma	Mox Sapphire
vma	Rescind
vma	Scrivener
vma	Sea Drake
vma	Serendib Efreet
vma	Skywing Aven
vma	Stroke of Genius
vma	Temporal Fissure
vma	Thalakos Drifters
vma	Tradewind Rider
vma	Turnabout
vis	Aku Djinn
vis	Forbidden Ritual
vis	Relic Ward
vis	Viashino Sandstalker
vis	Archangel
vis	Daraja Griffin
vis	Equipoise
vis	Eye of Singularity
vis	Freewind Falcon
vis	Gossamer Chains
vis	Honorable Passage
vis	Hope Charm
vis	Infantry Veteran
vis	Funeral Charm
vis	Jamuraan Lion
vis	Knight of Valor
vis	Longbow Archer
vis	Miraculous Recovery
vis	Parapet
vis	Peace Talks
vis	Remedy
vis	Resistance Fighter
vis	Retribution of the Meek
vis	Infernal Harvest
vis	Righteous Aura
vis	Sun Clasp
vis	Teferi's Honor Guard
vis	Warrior's Honor
vis	Zhalfirin Crusader
vis	Army Ants
vis	Breathstealer's Crypt
vis	Corrosion
vis	Femeref Enchantress
vis	Kaervek's Spite
vis	Firestorm Hellkite
vis	Guiding Spirit
vis	Mundungu
vis	Pygmy Hippo
vis	Righteous War
vis	Scalebane's Elite
vis	Simoon
vis	Squandered Resources
vis	Suleiman's Legacy
vis	Tempest Drake
vis	Necromancy
vis	Viashivan Dragon
vis	Anvil of Bogardan
vis	Brass-Talon Chimera
vis	Diamond Kaleidoscope
vis	Dragon Mask
vis	Helm of Awakening
vis	Iron-Heart Chimera
vis	Juju Bubble
vis	Lead-Belly Chimera
vis	Magma Mine
vis	Necrosavant
vis	Matopi Golem
vis	Phyrexian Marauder
vis	Phyrexian Walker
vis	Sands of Time
vis	Sisay's Ring
vis	Snake Basket
vis	Teferi's Puzzle Box
vis	Tin-Wing Chimera
vis	Triangle of War
vis	Wand of Denial
vis	Nekrataal
vis	Coral Atoll
vis	Dormant Volcano
vis	Everglades
vis	Griffin Canyon
vis	Jungle Basin
vis	Karoo
vis	Quicksand
vis	Undiscovered Paradise
vis	Pillar Tombs of Aku
vis	Python
vis	Suq'Ata Assassin
vis	Blanket of Night
vis	Tar Pit Warrior
vis	Urborg Mindsucker
vis	Vampiric Tutor
vis	Vampirism
vis	Wake of Vultures
vis	Wicked Reward
vis	Impulse
vis	Betrayal
vis	Breezekeeper
vis	Chronatog
vis	Cloud Elemental
vis	Brood of Cockroaches
vis	Desertion
vis	Dream Tides
vis	Flooded Shoreline
vis	Foreshadow
vis	Inspiration
vis	Knight of the Mists
vis	Man-o'-War
vis	Mystic Veil
vis	Ovinomancer
vis	Vanishing
vis	Coercion
vis	Prosperity
vis	Rainbow Efreet
vis	Shimmering Efreet
vis	Shrieking Drake
vis	Teferi's Realm
vis	Three Wishes
vis	Time and Tide
vis	Undo
vis	Vision Charm
vis	Crypt Rats
vis	Waterspout Djinn
vis	Bull Elephant
vis	City of Solitude
vis	Creeping Mold
vis	Elephant Grass
vis	Elven Cache
vis	Emerald Charm
vis	Feral Instinct
vis	Giant Caterpillar
vis	Katabatic Winds
vis	Dark Privilege
vis	King Cheetah
vis	Kyscu Drake
vis	Lichenthrope
vis	Mortal Wound
vis	Natural Order
vis	Panther Warriors
vis	Quirion Druid
vis	Quirion Ranger
vis	River Boa
vis	Rowen
vis	Death Watch
vis	Spider Climb
vis	Stampeding Wildebeests
vis	Summer Bloom
vis	Uktabi Orangutan
vis	Warthog
vis	Wind Shear
vis	Bogardan Phoenix
vis	Dwarven Vigilantes
vis	Elkin Lair
vis	Fireblast
vis	Desolation
vis	Goblin Recruiter
vis	Goblin Swine-Rider
vis	Hearth Charm
vis	Heat Wave
vis	Hulking Cyclops
vis	Tithe
vis	Keeper of Kookus
vis	Kookus
vis	Lightning Cloud
vis	Mob Mentality
vis	Ogre Enforcer
vis	Fallen Askari
vis	Raging Gorilla
vis	Relentless Assault
vis	Rock Slide
vis	Solfatara
vis	Song of Blood
vis	Spitting Drake
vis	Suq'Ata Lancer
vis	Talruum Champion
vis	Talruum Piper
vis	Tremor
wth	Abyssal Gatekeeper
wth	Festering Evil
wth	Fire Whip
wth	Firestorm
wth	Fit of Rage
wth	Goblin Bomb
wth	Goblin Grenadiers
wth	Goblin Vandal
wth	Heart of Bogardan
wth	Heat Stroke
wth	Hurloon Shaman
wth	Lava Hounds
wth	Fledgling Djinn
wth	Lava Storm
wth	Maraxus of Keld
wth	Orcish Settlers
wth	Roc Hatchling
wth	Sawtooth Ogre
wth	Thunderbolt
wth	Thundermare
wth	Abeyance
wth	Alabaster Dragon
wth	Alms
wth	Gallowbraid
wth	Angelic Renewal
wth	Ardent Militia
wth	Argivian Find
wth	Aura of Silence
wth	Benalish Infantry
wth	Benalish Knight
wth	Benalish Missionary
wth	Debt of Loyalty
wth	Duskrider Falcon
wth	Empyrial Armor
wth	Haunting Misery
wth	Foriysian Brigade
wth	Gerrard's Wisdom
wth	Guided Strike
wth	Heavy Ballista
wth	Inner Sanctum
wth	Kithkin Armor
wth	Master of Arms
wth	Mistmoon Griffin
wth	Peacekeeper
wth	Revered Unicorn
wth	Hidden Horror
wth	Serenity
wth	Serra's Blessing
wth	Soul Shepherd
wth	Southern Paladin
wth	Tariff
wth	Volunteer Reserves
wth	Bösium Strip
wth	Bubble Matrix
wth	Chimeric Sphere
wth	Dingus Staff
wth	Infernal Tribute
wth	Jabari's Banner
wth	Jangling Automaton
wth	Mana Web
wth	Mind Stone
wth	Null Rod
wth	Phyrexian Furnace
wth	Serrated Biskelion
wth	Steel Golem
wth	Straw Golem
wth	Thran Forge
wth	Mischievous Poltergeist
wth	Thran Tome
wth	Touchstone
wth	Well of Knowledge
wth	Xanthic Statue
wth	Gemstone Mine
wth	Lotus Vale
wth	Scorched Ruins
wth	Winding Canyons
wth	Morinfen
wth	Necratog
wth	Odylic Wraith
wth	Agonizing Memories
wth	Razortooth Rats
wth	Shadow Rider
wth	Shattered Crypt
wth	Spinning Darkness
wth	Strands of Night
wth	Tendrils of Despair
wth	Urborg Justice
wth	Urborg Stalker
wth	Flux
wth	Wave of Terror
wth	Zombie Scavengers
wth	Barrow Ghoul
wth	Abduction
wth	Abjure
wth	Ancestral Knowledge
wth	Apathy
wth	Argivian Restoration
wth	Avizoa
wth	Cloud Djinn
wth	Disrupt
wth	Ertai's Familiar
wth	Bone Dancer
wth	Fog Elemental
wth	Mana Chains
wth	Manta Ray
wth	Merfolk Traders
wth	Noble Benefactor
wth	Ophidian
wth	Paradigm Shift
wth	Pendrell Mists
wth	Phantom Warrior
wth	Phantom Wings
wth	Buried Alive
wth	Psychic Vortex
wth	Relearn
wth	Sage Owl
wth	Teferi's Veil
wth	Timid Drake
wth	Tolarian Drake
wth	Tolarian Entrancer
wth	Tolarian Serpent
wth	Vodalian Illusionist
wth	Aboroth
wth	Circling Vultures
wth	Arctic Wolves
wth	Barishi
wth	Blossoming Wreath
wth	Briar Shield
wth	Call of the Wild
wth	Choking Vines
wth	Dense Foliage
wth	Downdraft
wth	Fallow Wurm
wth	Familiar Ground
wth	Coils of the Medusa
wth	Fungus Elemental
wth	Gaea's Blessing
wth	Harvest Wurm
wth	Liege of the Hollows
wth	Llanowar Behemoth
wth	Llanowar Druid
wth	Llanowar Sentinel
wth	Mwonvuli Ooze
wth	Nature's Kiss
wth	Nature's Resurgence
wth	Doomsday
wth	Redwood Treefolk
wth	Rogue Elephant
wth	Striped Bears
wth	Sylvan Hierophant
wth	Tranquil Grove
wth	Uktabi Efreet
wth	Veteran Explorer
wth	Vitalize
wth	Aether Flash
wth	Betrothed of Fire
wth	Fatal Blow
wth	Bloodrock Cyclops
wth	Bogardan Firefiend
wth	Boiling Blood
wth	Cinder Giant
wth	Cinder Wall
wth	Cone of Flame
wth	Desperate Gambit
wth	Dwarven Berserker
wth	Dwarven Thaumaturgist
wth	Fervor
wwk	Admonition Angel
wwk	Kitesail Apprentice
wwk	Feral Contest
wwk	Gnarlid Pack
wwk	Grappler Spider
wwk	Graypelt Hunter
wwk	Groundswell
wwk	Harabaz Druid
wwk	Joraga Warcaller
wwk	Leatherback Baloth
wwk	Nature's Claim
wwk	Omnath, Locus of Mana
wwk	Kor Firewalker
wwk	Quest for Renewal
wwk	Slingbow Trap
wwk	Snapping Creeper
wwk	Strength of the Tajuru
wwk	Summit Apes
wwk	Terastodon
wwk	Vastwood Animist
wwk	Vastwood Zendikon
wwk	Wolfbriar Elemental
wwk	Novablast Wurm
wwk	Lightkeeper of Emeria
wwk	Wrexial, the Risen Deep
wwk	Amulet of Vigor
wwk	Basilisk Collar
wwk	Everflowing Chalice
wwk	Hammer of Ruin
wwk	Hedron Rover
wwk	Kitesail
wwk	Lodestone Golem
wwk	Pilgrim's Eye
wwk	Razor Boomerang
wwk	Loam Lion
wwk	Seer's Sundial
wwk	Walking Atlas
wwk	Bojuka Bog
wwk	Celestial Colonnade
wwk	Creeping Tar Pit
wwk	Dread Statuary
wwk	Eye of Ugin
wwk	Halimar Depths
wwk	Khalni Garden
wwk	Lavaclaw Reaches
wwk	Marsh Threader
wwk	Quicksand
wwk	Raging Ravine
wwk	Sejiri Steppe
wwk	Smoldering Spires
wwk	Stirring Wildwood
wwk	Tectonic Edge
wwk	Marshal's Anthem
wwk	Perimeter Captain
wwk	Refraction Trap
wwk	Rest for the Weary
wwk	Ruin Ghost
wwk	Apex Hawks
wwk	Stoneforge Mystic
wwk	Talus Paladin
wwk	Terra Eternal
wwk	Veteran's Reflexes
wwk	Aether Tradewinds
wwk	Calcite Snapper
wwk	Dispel
wwk	Enclave Elite
wwk	Goliath Sphinx
wwk	Halimar Excavator
wwk	Archon of Redemption
wwk	Horizon Drake
wwk	Jace, the Mind Sculptor
wwk	Jwari Shapeshifter
wwk	Mysteries of the Deep
wwk	Permafrost Trap
wwk	Quest for Ula's Temple
wwk	Sejiri Merfolk
wwk	Selective Memory
wwk	Spell Contortion
wwk	Surrakar Banisher
wwk	Battle Hurda
wwk	Thada Adel, Acquisitor
wwk	Tideforce Elemental
wwk	Treasure Hunt
wwk	Twitch
wwk	Vapor Snare
wwk	Voyager Drake
wwk	Wind Zendikon
wwk	Abyssal Persecutor
wwk	Agadeem Occultist
wwk	Anowon, the Ruin Sage
wwk	Fledgling Griffin
wwk	Bloodhusk Ritualist
wwk	Bojuka Brigand
wwk	Brink of Disaster
wwk	Butcher of Malakir
wwk	Caustic Crawler
wwk	Corrupted Zendikon
wwk	Dead Reckoning
wwk	Death's Shadow
wwk	Jagwasp Swarm
wwk	Kalastria Highborn
wwk	Guardian Zendikon
wwk	Mire's Toll
wwk	Nemesis Trap
wwk	Pulse Tracker
wwk	Quag Vampires
wwk	Quest for the Nihil Stone
wwk	Ruthless Cullblade
wwk	Scrib Nibblers
wwk	Shoreline Salvager
wwk	Smother
wwk	Tomb Hex
wwk	Hada Freeblade
wwk	Urge to Feed
wwk	Akoum Battlesinger
wwk	Bazaar Trader
wwk	Bull Rush
wwk	Chain Reaction
wwk	Claws of Valakut
wwk	Comet Storm
wwk	Cosi's Ravager
wwk	Crusher Zendikon
wwk	Cunning Sparkmage
wwk	Iona's Judgment
wwk	Deathforge Shaman
wwk	Dragonmaster Outcast
wwk	Goblin Roughrider
wwk	Grotag Thrasher
wwk	Kazuul, Tyrant of the Cliffs
wwk	Mordant Dragon
wwk	Quest for the Goblin Lord
wwk	Ricochet Trap
wwk	Roiling Terrain
wwk	Rumbling Aftershocks
wwk	Join the Ranks
wwk	Searing Blaze
wwk	Skitter of Lizards
wwk	Slavering Nulls
wwk	Stone Idol Trap
wwk	Tuktuk Scrapper
wwk	Arbor Elf
wwk	Avenger of Zendikar
wwk	Bestial Menace
wwk	Canopy Cover
wwk	Explore
grc	Wood Elves
grc	Icatian Javelineers
grc	Fiery Temper
grc	Boomerang
grc	Calciderm
grc	Reckless Wurm
grc	Yixlid Jailer
grc	Zoetic Cavern
grc	Llanowar Elves
grc	Mogg Fanatic
grc	Mind Stone
grc	Dauntless Dourbark
grc	Lava Axe
grc	Cenn's Tactician
grc	Oona's Blackguard
grc	Gravedigger
grc	Boggart Ram-Gang
grc	Wilt-Leaf Cavaliers
grc	Duergar Hedge-Mage
grc	Selkie Hedge-Mage
grc	Sprouting Thrinax
grc	Woolly Thoctar
grc	Path to Exile
grc	Hellspark Elemental
grc	Marisi's Twinclaws
grc	Slave of Bolas
grc	Mycoid Shepherd
grc	Naya Sojourners
grc	Mind Control
grc	Rise from the Grave
grc	Kor Duelist
grc	Vampire Nighthawk
grc	Nissa's Chosen
grc	Emeria Angel
grc	Kor Firewalker
grc	Leatherback Baloth
grc	Hada Freeblade
grc	Kalastria Highborn
grc	Syphon Mind
grc	Pathrazer of Ulamog
grc	Curse of Wizardry
grc	Staggershock
grc	Deathless Angel
grc	Fling
grc	Sylvan Ranger
grc	Plague Stinger
grc	Golem's Heart
grc	Skinrender
grc	Master's Call
grc	Plague Myr
grc	Signal Pest
grc	Fling
grc	Sylvan Ranger
grc	Vault Skirge
grc	Maul Splicer
grc	Shrine of Burning Rage
grc	Tormented Soul
grc	Auramancer
grc	Circle of Flame
grc	Gather the Townsfolk
grc	Curse of the Bloody Tome
grc	Curse of Thirst
grc	Nearheath Stalker
grc	Bloodcrazed Neonate
grc	Boneyard Wurm
zen	Armament Master
zen	Devout Lightcaster
zen	Malakir Bloodwitch
zen	Marsh Casualties
zen	Mind Sludge
zen	Mindless Null
zen	Mire Blight
zen	Needlebite Trap
zen	Nimana Sell-Sword
zen	Ob Nixilis, the Fallen
zen	Quest for the Gravelord
zen	Ravenous Trap
zen	Emeria Angel
zen	Sadistic Sacrament
zen	Sorin Markov
zen	Soul Stair Expedition
zen	Surrakar Marauder
zen	Vampire Hexmage
zen	Vampire Lacerator
zen	Vampire Nighthawk
zen	Vampire's Bite
zen	Bladetusk Boar
zen	Burst Lightning
zen	Felidar Sovereign
zen	Chandra Ablaze
zen	Demolish
zen	Electropotence
zen	Elemental Appeal
zen	Geyser Glider
zen	Goblin Bushwhacker
zen	Goblin Guide
zen	Goblin Ruinblaster
zen	Goblin Shortcutter
zen	Goblin War Paint
zen	Iona, Shield of Emeria
zen	Hellfire Mongrel
zen	Hellkite Charger
zen	Highland Berserker
zen	Inferno Trap
zen	Kazuul Warlord
zen	Lavaball Trap
zen	Magma Rift
zen	Mark of Mutiny
zen	Molten Ravager
zen	Murasa Pyromancer
zen	Journey to Nowhere
zen	Obsidian Fireheart
zen	Plated Geopede
zen	Punishing Fire
zen	Pyromancer Ascension
zen	Quest for Pure Flame
zen	Ruinous Minotaur
zen	Runeflare Trap
zen	Seismic Shudder
zen	Shatterskull Giant
zen	Slaughter Cry
zen	Kabira Evangel
zen	Spire Barrage
zen	Torch Slinger
zen	Tuktuk Grunts
zen	Unstable Footing
zen	Warren Instigator
zen	Zektar Shrine Expedition
zen	Baloth Cage Trap
zen	Baloth Woodcrasher
zen	Beast Hunt
zen	Beastmaster Ascension
zen	Kazandu Blademaster
zen	Cobra Trap
zen	Frontier Guide
zen	Gigantiform
zen	Grazing Gladehart
zen	Greenweaver Druid
zen	Harrow
zen	Joraga Bard
zen	Khalni Heart Expedition
zen	Lotus Cobra
zen	Mold Shambler
zen	Kor Aeronaut
zen	Nissa Revane
zen	Nissa's Chosen
zen	Oracle of Mul Daya
zen	Oran-Rief Recluse
zen	Oran-Rief Survivalist
zen	Predatory Urge
zen	Primal Bellow
zen	Quest for the Gemblades
zen	Rampaging Baloths
zen	Relic Crush
zen	Kor Cartographer
zen	River Boa
zen	Savage Silhouette
zen	Scute Mob
zen	Scythe Tiger
zen	Summoning Trap
zen	Tajuru Archer
zen	Tanglesap
zen	Terra Stomper
zen	Territorial Baloth
zen	Timbermaw Larva
zen	Kor Duelist
zen	Turntimber Basilisk
zen	Turntimber Ranger
zen	Vastwood Gorger
zen	Vines of Vastwood
zen	Zendikar Farguide
zen	Adventuring Gear
zen	Blade of the Bloodchief
zen	Blazing Torch
zen	Carnage Altar
zen	Eldrazi Monument
zen	Arrow Volley Trap
zen	Kor Hookmaster
zen	Eternity Vessel
zen	Expedition Map
zen	Explorer's Scope
zen	Grappling Hook
zen	Hedron Scrabbler
zen	Khalni Gem
zen	Spidersilk Net
zen	Stonework Puma
zen	Trailblazer's Boots
zen	Trusty Machete
zen	Kor Outfitter
zen	Akoum Refuge
zen	Arid Mesa
zen	Crypt of Agadeem
zen	Emeria, the Sky Ruin
zen	Graypelt Refuge
zen	Jwar Isle Refuge
zen	Kabira Crossroads
zen	Kazandu Refuge
zen	Magosi, the Waterveil
zen	Marsh Flats
zen	Kor Sanctifiers
zen	Misty Rainforest
zen	Oran-Rief, the Vastwood
zen	Piranha Marsh
zen	Scalding Tarn
zen	Sejiri Refuge
zen	Soaring Seacliff
zen	Teetering Peaks
zen	Turntimber Grove
zen	Valakut, the Molten Pinnacle
zen	Verdant Catacombs
zen	Kor Skyfisher
zen	Plains
zen	Plains
zen	Plains
zen	Plains
zen	Island
zen	Island
zen	Island
zen	Island
zen	Swamp
zen	Swamp
zen	Landbind Ritual
zen	Swamp
zen	Swamp
zen	Mountain
zen	Mountain
zen	Mountain
zen	Mountain
zen	Forest
zen	Forest
zen	Forest
zen	Forest
zen	Luminarch Ascension
zen	Makindi Shieldmate
zen	Narrow Escape
zen	Nimbus Wings
zen	Noble Vestige
zen	Bold Defense
zen	Ondu Cleric
zen	Pillarfield Ox
zen	Pitfall Trap
zen	Quest for the Holy Relic
zen	Shepherd of the Lost
zen	Shieldmate's Blessing
zen	Steppe Lynx
zen	Sunspring Expedition
zen	Windborne Charge
zen	World Queller
zen	Brave the Elements
zen	Aether Figment
zen	Archive Trap
zen	Archmage Ascension
zen	Caller of Gales
zen	Cancel
zen	Cosi's Trickster
zen	Gomazoa
zen	Hedron Crab
zen	Into the Roil
zen	Ior Ruin Expedition
zen	Caravan Hurda
zen	Kraken Hatchling
zen	Lethargy Trap
zen	Living Tsunami
zen	Lorthos, the Tidemaker
zen	Lullmage Mentor
zen	Merfolk Seastalkers
zen	Merfolk Wayfinder
zen	Mindbreak Trap
zen	Paralyzing Grasp
zen	Quest for Ancient Secrets
zen	Celestial Mantle
zen	Reckless Scholar
zen	Rite of Replication
zen	Roil Elemental
zen	Sea Gate Loremaster
zen	Seascape Aerialist
zen	Shoal Serpent
zen	Sky Ruin Drake
zen	Spell Pierce
zen	Sphinx of Jwar Isle
zen	Sphinx of Lost Truths
zen	Cliff Threader
zen	Spreading Seas
zen	Summoner's Bane
zen	Tempest Owl
zen	Trapfinder's Trick
zen	Trapmaker's Snare
zen	Umara Raptor
zen	Welkin Tern
zen	Whiplash Trap
zen	Windrider Eel
zen	Bala Ged Thief
zen	Conqueror's Pledge
zen	Blood Seeker
zen	Blood Tribute
zen	Bloodchief Ascension
zen	Bloodghast
zen	Bog Tatters
zen	Crypt Ripper
zen	Desecrated Earth
zen	Disfigure
zen	Feast of Blood
zen	Gatekeeper of Malakir
zen	Day of Judgment
zen	Giant Scorpion
zen	Grim Discovery
zen	Guul Draz Specter
zen	Guul Draz Vampire
zen	Hagra Crocodile
zen	Hagra Diabolist
zen	Halo Hunter
zen	Heartstabber Mosquito
zen	Hideous End
zen	Kalitas, Bloodchief of Ghet
ddp	Avenger of Zendikar
ddp	Affa Guard Hound
ddp	Caravan Escort
ddp	Kabira Vindicator
ddp	Knight of Cliffhaven
ddp	Makindi Griffin
ddp	Oust
ddp	Repel the Darkness
ddp	Sheer Drop
ddp	Beastbreaker of Bala Ged
ddp	Daggerback Basilisk
ddp	Frontier Guide
ddp	Graypelt Hunter
ddp	Grazing Gladehart
ddp	Groundswell
ddp	Harrow
ddp	Joraga Bard
ddp	Khalni Heart Expedition
ddp	Ondu Giant
ddp	Primal Command
ddp	Retreat to Kazandu
ddp	Scute Mob
ddp	Tajuru Archer
ddp	Territorial Baloth
ddp	Turntimber Basilisk
ddp	Wildheart Invoker
ddp	Veteran Warleader
ddp	Explorer's Scope
ddp	Seer's Sundial
ddp	Stonework Puma
ddp	Evolving Wilds
ddp	Graypelt Refuge
ddp	Stirring Wildwood
ddp	Turntimber Grove
ddp	Plains
ddp	Plains
ddp	Plains
ddp	Forest
ddp	Forest
ddp	Forest
ddp	Oblivion Sower
ddp	Artisan of Kozilek
ddp	It That Betrays
ddp	Ulamog's Crusher
ddp	Bloodrite Invoker
ddp	Bloodthrone Vampire
ddp	Butcher of Malakir
ddp	Cadaver Imp
ddp	Consume the Meek
ddp	Corpsehatch
ddp	Dominator Drone
ddp	Heartstabber Mosquito
ddp	Induce Despair
ddp	Marsh Casualties
ddp	Pawn of Ulamog
ddp	Read the Bones
ddp	Smother
ddp	Vampire Nighthawk
ddp	Emrakul's Hatcher
ddp	Forked Bolt
ddp	Hellion Eruption
ddp	Magmaw
ddp	Torch Slinger
ddp	Forerunner of Slaughter
ddp	Mind Stone
ddp	Runed Servitor
ddp	Akoum Refuge
ddp	Eldrazi Temple
ddp	Rocky Tar Pit
ddp	Swamp
ddp	Swamp
ddp	Swamp
ddp	Mountain
ddp	Mountain
ddp	Mountain
bfz	Blight Herder
bfz	Kozilek's Channeler
bfz	Eldrazi Devastator
bfz	Titan's Presence
bfz	Ulamog, the Ceaseless Hunger
bfz	Breaker of Armies
bfz	Desolation Twin
bfz	Conduit of Ruin
bfz	Deathless Behemoth
bfz	Void Winnower
bfz	Endless One
bfz	Scour from Existence
bfz	Gruesome Slaughter
bfz	Bane of Bala Ged
bfz	Ruin Processor
bfz	Ulamog's Despoiler
bfz	Oblivion Sower
bfz	Angel of Renewal
bfz	Angelic Gift
bfz	Cliffside Lookout
bfz	Courier Griffin
bfz	Emeria Shepherd
bfz	Encircling Fissure
bfz	Expedition Envoy
bfz	Felidar Cub
bfz	Felidar Sovereign
bfz	Fortified Rampart
bfz	Ghostly Sentinel
bfz	Gideon, Ally of Zendikar
bfz	Gideon's Reproach
bfz	Hero of Goma Fada
bfz	Inspired Charge
bfz	Kitesail Scout
bfz	Kor Bladewhirl
bfz	Kor Castigator
bfz	Kor Entanglers
bfz	Lantern Scout
bfz	Lithomancer's Focus
bfz	Makindi Patrol
bfz	Ondu Greathorn
bfz	Ondu Rising
bfz	Planar Outburst
bfz	Quarantine Field
bfz	Retreat to Emeria
bfz	Roil's Retribution
bfz	Serene Steward
bfz	Shadow Glider
bfz	Sheer Drop
bfz	Smite the Monstrous
bfz	Stasis Snare
bfz	Stone Haven Medic
bfz	Tandem Tactics
bfz	Unified Front
bfz	Adverse Conditions
bfz	Anticipate
bfz	Benthic Infiltrator
bfz	Brilliant Spectrum
bfz	Cloud Manta
bfz	Clutch of Currents
bfz	Coastal Discovery
bfz	Coralhelm Guide
bfz	Cryptic Cruiser
bfz	Dampening Pulse
bfz	Dispel
bfz	Drowner of Hope
bfz	Eldrazi Skyspawner
bfz	Exert Influence
bfz	Guardian of Tazeem
bfz	Halimar Tidecaller
bfz	Horribly Awry
bfz	Incubator Drone
bfz	Mist Intruder
bfz	Murk Strider
bfz	Oracle of Dust
bfz	Part the Waterveil
bfz	Prism Array
bfz	Retreat to Coralhelm
bfz	Roilmage's Trick
bfz	Ruination Guide
bfz	Rush of Ice
bfz	Salvage Drone
bfz	Scatter to the Winds
bfz	Spell Shrivel
bfz	Tide Drifter
bfz	Tightening Coils
bfz	Ugin's Insight
bfz	Ulamog's Reclaimer
bfz	Wave-Wing Elemental
bfz	Windrider Patrol
bfz	Altar's Reap
bfz	Bloodbond Vampire
bfz	Bone Splinters
bfz	Carrier Thrall
bfz	Complete Disregard
bfz	Culling Drone
bfz	Defiant Bloodlord
bfz	Demon's Grasp
bfz	Dominator Drone
bfz	Drana, Liberator of Malakir
bfz	Dutiful Return
bfz	Geyserfield Stalker
bfz	Grave Birthing
bfz	Grip of Desolation
bfz	Guul Draz Overseer
bfz	Hagra Sharpshooter
bfz	Kalastria Healer
bfz	Kalastria Nightwatch
bfz	Malakir Familiar
bfz	Mind Raker
bfz	Mire's Malice
bfz	Nirkana Assassin
bfz	Ob Nixilis Reignited
bfz	Painful Truths
bfz	Retreat to Hagra
bfz	Rising Miasma
bfz	Ruinous Path
bfz	Silent Skimmer
bfz	Skitterskin
bfz	Sludge Crawler
bfz	Smothering Abomination
bfz	Swarm Surge
bfz	Transgress the Mind
bfz	Vampiric Rites
bfz	Voracious Null
bfz	Wasteland Strangler
bfz	Zulaport Cutthroat
bfz	Akoum Firebird
bfz	Akoum Hellkite
bfz	Akoum Stonewaker
bfz	Barrage Tyrant
bfz	Belligerent Whiptail
bfz	Boiling Earth
bfz	Chasm Guide
bfz	Crumble to Dust
bfz	Dragonmaster Outcast
bfz	Firemantle Mage
bfz	Goblin War Paint
bfz	Kozilek's Sentinel
bfz	Lavastep Raider
bfz	Makindi Sliderunner
bfz	Molten Nursery
bfz	Nettle Drone
bfz	Ondu Champion
bfz	Outnumber
bfz	Processor Assault
bfz	Radiant Flames
bfz	Reckless Cohort
bfz	Retreat to Valakut
bfz	Rolling Thunder
bfz	Serpentine Spike
bfz	Shatterskull Recruit
bfz	Stonefury
bfz	Sure Strike
bfz	Touch of the Void
bfz	Tunneling Geopede
bfz	Turn Against
bfz	Valakut Invoker
bfz	Valakut Predator
bfz	Vestige of Emrakul
bfz	Vile Aggregate
bfz	Volcanic Upheaval
bfz	Zada, Hedron Grinder
bfz	Beastcaller Savant
bfz	Blisterpod
bfz	Brood Monitor
bfz	Broodhunter Wurm
bfz	Call the Scions
bfz	Earthen Arms
bfz	Eyeless Watcher
bfz	From Beyond
bfz	Giant Mantis
bfz	Greenwarden of Murasa
bfz	Infuse with the Elements
bfz	Jaddi Offshoot
bfz	Lifespring Druid
bfz	Murasa Ranger
bfz	Natural Connection
bfz	Nissa's Renewal
bfz	Oran-Rief Hydra
bfz	Oran-Rief Invoker
bfz	Plated Crusher
bfz	Plummet
bfz	Reclaiming Vines
bfz	Retreat to Kazandu
bfz	Rot Shambler
bfz	Scythe Leopard
bfz	Seek the Wilds
bfz	Snapping Gnarlid
bfz	Swell of Growth
bfz	Sylvan Scrying
bfz	Tajuru Beastmaster
bfz	Tajuru Stalwart
bfz	Tajuru Warcaller
bfz	Territorial Baloth
bfz	Undergrowth Champion
bfz	Unnatural Aggression
bfz	Void Attendant
bfz	Woodland Wanderer
bfz	Angelic Captain
bfz	Bring to Light
bfz	Brood Butcher
bfz	Brutal Expulsion
bfz	Catacomb Sifter
bfz	Drana's Emissary
bfz	Dust Stalker
bfz	Fathom Feeder
bfz	Forerunner of Slaughter
bfz	Grove Rumbler
bfz	Grovetender Druids
bfz	Herald of Kozilek
bfz	Kiora, Master of the Depths
bfz	March from the Tomb
bfz	Munda, Ambush Leader
bfz	Noyan Dar, Roil Shaper
bfz	Omnath, Locus of Rage
bfz	Resolute Blademaster
bfz	Roil Spout
bfz	Sire of Stagnation
bfz	Skyrider Elf
bfz	Ulamog's Nullifier
bfz	Veteran Warleader
bfz	Aligned Hedron Network
bfz	Hedron Archive
bfz	Hedron Blade
bfz	Pathway Arrows
bfz	Pilgrim's Eye
bfz	Slab Hammer
bfz	Ally Encampment
bfz	Blighted Cataract
bfz	Blighted Fen
bfz	Blighted Gorge
bfz	Blighted Steppe
bfz	Blighted Woodland
bfz	Canopy Vista
bfz	Cinder Glade
bfz	Evolving Wilds
bfz	Fertile Thicket
bfz	Forest
bfz	Forest
bfz	Forest
bfz	Forest
bfz	Forest
bfz	Island
bfz	Island
bfz	Island
bfz	Island
bfz	Island
bfz	Looming Spires
bfz	Lumbering Falls
bfz	Mortuary Mire
bfz	Mountain
bfz	Mountain
bfz	Mountain
bfz	Mountain
bfz	Mountain
bfz	Plains
bfz	Plains
bfz	Plains
bfz	Plains
bfz	Plains
bfz	Prairie Stream
bfz	Sanctum of Ugin
bfz	Sandstone Bridge
bfz	Shambling Vent
bfz	Shrine of the Forsaken Gods
bfz	Skyline Cascade
bfz	Smoldering Marsh
bfz	Spawning Bed
bfz	Sunken Hollow
bfz	Swamp
bfz	Swamp
bfz	Swamp
bfz	Swamp
bfz	Swamp
c15	Bastion Protector
c15	Broodbirth Viper
c15	Plaxmanta
c15	Preordain
c15	Rapid Hybridization
c15	Reins of Power
c15	Repeal
c15	Rite of Replication
c15	Sleep
c15	Stolen Goods
c15	Stroke of Genius
c15	Talrand, Sky Summoner
c15	Gigantoplasm
c15	Thought Reflection
c15	Windfall
c15	Altar's Reap
c15	Ambition's Cost
c15	Ancient Craving
c15	Barter in Blood
c15	Black Market
c15	Blood Bairn
c15	Butcher of Malakir
c15	Champion of Stray Souls
c15	Illusory Ambusher
c15	Diabolic Servitude
c15	Doomwake Giant
c15	Dreadbringer Lampads
c15	Eater of Hope
c15	Extractor Demon
c15	Fallen Ideal
c15	Fate Unraveler
c15	Gild
c15	Grave Peril
c15	Nighthowler
c15	Mirror Match
c15	Phyrexian Arena
c15	Phyrexian Plaguelord
c15	Phyrexian Rager
c15	Phyrexian Reclamation
c15	Rise from the Grave
c15	Seal of Doom
c15	Sever the Bloodline
c15	Shriekmaw
c15	Underworld Connections
c15	Victimize
c15	Mystic Confluence
c15	Vow of Malice
c15	Act of Aggression
c15	Borderland Behemoth
c15	Breath of Darigaaz
c15	Chain Reaction
c15	Charmbreaker Devils
c15	Comet Storm
c15	Curse of the Nightly Hunt
c15	Desolation Giant
c15	Desperate Ravings
c15	Synthetic Destiny
c15	Disaster Radius
c15	Dragon Mage
c15	Earthquake
c15	Faithless Looting
c15	Fall of the Hammer
c15	Fumiko the Lowblood
c15	Hamletback Goliath
c15	Hammerfist Giant
c15	Hostility
c15	Hunted Dragon
c15	Banshee of the Dread Choir
c15	Inferno Titan
c15	Magma Giant
c15	Magmaquake
c15	Mizzium Mortars
c15	Stinkdrinker Daredevil
c15	Stoneshock Giant
c15	Sunrise Sovereign
c15	Taurean Mauler
c15	Thundercloud Shaman
c15	Urza's Rage
c15	Corpse Augur
c15	Vandalblast
c15	Warstorm Surge
c15	Word of Seizing
c15	Acidic Slime
c15	Arbor Colossus
c15	Bane of Progress
c15	Beastmaster Ascension
c15	Caller of the Claw
c15	Chameleon Colossus
c15	Cloudthresher
c15	Daxos's Torment
c15	Cobra Trap
c15	Desert Twister
c15	Elvish Visionary
c15	Eternal Witness
c15	Experiment One
c15	Forgotten Ancient
c15	Indrik Stomphowler
c15	Kessig Cagebreakers
c15	Kodama's Reach
c15	Krosan Grip
c15	Deadly Tempest
c15	Loaming Shaman
c15	Mulch
c15	Mycoloth
c15	Noble Quarry
c15	Ohran Viper
c15	Overrun
c15	Overwhelming Stampede
c15	Patagia Viper
c15	Primal Growth
c15	Rampant Growth
c15	Dawnbreak Reclaimer
c15	Dread Summons
c15	Sakura-Tribe Elder
c15	Satyr Wayfinder
c15	Spider Spawning
c15	Stingerfling Spider
c15	Terastodon
c15	Thelonite Hermit
c15	Tribute to the Wild
c15	Verdant Force
c15	Viridian Emissary
c15	Viridian Shaman
c15	Scourge of Nel Toth
c15	Viridian Zealot
c15	Wall of Blossoms
c15	Wood Elves
c15	Coiling Oracle
c15	Counterflux
c15	Death Grasp
c15	Epic Experiment
c15	Etherium-Horn Sorcerer
c15	Firemind's Foresight
c15	Gisela, Blade of Goldnight
c15	Thief of Blood
c15	Goblin Electromancer
c15	Golgari Charm
c15	Grisly Salvage
c15	Jarad, Golgari Lich Lord
c15	Korozda Guildmage
c15	Lorescale Coatl
c15	Lotleth Troll
c15	Melek, Izzet Paragon
c15	Mystic Snake
c15	Necromancer's Covenant
c15	Wretched Confluence
c15	Prime Speaker Zegana
c15	Prophetic Bolt
c15	Putrefy
c15	Steam Augury
c15	Teysa, Envoy of Ghosts
c15	Treasury Thrull
c15	Trygon Predator
c15	Underworld Coinsmith
c15	Vulturous Zombie
c15	Biomantic Mastery
c15	Awaken the Sky Tyrant
c15	Call the Skybreaker
c15	Cold-Eyed Selkie
c15	Snakeform
c15	Wistful Selkie
c15	Basalt Monolith
c15	Bonehoard
c15	Boros Cluestone
c15	Boros Signet
c15	Burnished Hart
c15	Coldsteel Heart
c15	Dream Pillager
c15	Crystal Chimes
c15	Darksteel Ingot
c15	Dreamstone Hedron
c15	Eldrazi Monument
c15	Fellwar Stone
c15	Golgari Signet
c15	Izzet Signet
c15	Lightning Greaves
c15	Loxodon Warhammer
c15	Mind Stone
c15	Fiery Confluence
c15	Orochi Hatchery
c15	Orzhov Cluestone
c15	Orzhov Signet
c15	Psychosis Crawler
c15	Seer's Sundial
c15	Simic Keyrune
c15	Simic Signet
c15	Skullclamp
c15	Sol Ring
c15	Solemn Simulacrum
c15	Magus of the Wheel
c15	Staff of Nin
c15	Swiftfoot Boots
c15	Sword of Vengeance
c15	Urza's Incubator
c15	Wayfarer's Bauble
c15	Worn Powerstone
c15	Ancient Amphitheater
c15	Barren Moor
c15	Blasted Landscape
c15	Boros Garrison
c15	Meteor Blast
c15	Boros Guildgate
c15	Command Tower
c15	Drifting Meadow
c15	Evolving Wilds
c15	Forgotten Cave
c15	Ghost Quarter
c15	Golgari Guildgate
c15	Golgari Rot Farm
c15	Grim Backwoods
c15	High Market
c15	Mizzix's Mastery
c15	Izzet Boilerworks
c15	Izzet Guildgate
c15	Jungle Hollow
c15	Llanowar Reborn
c15	Mosswort Bridge
c15	New Benalia
c15	Novijen, Heart of Progress
c15	Oran-Rief, the Vastwood
c15	Orzhov Basilica
c15	Orzhov Guildgate
c15	Grasp of Fate
c15	Rite of the Raging Storm
c15	Polluted Mire
c15	Reliquary Tower
c15	Rogue's Passage
c15	Scoured Barrens
c15	Secluded Steppe
c15	Simic Growth Chamber
c15	Simic Guildgate
c15	Slippery Karst
c15	Smoldering Crater
c15	Spinerock Knoll
c15	Warchief Giant
c15	Swiftwater Cliffs
c15	Tainted Field
c15	Tainted Wood
c15	Temple of the False God
c15	Terramorphic Expanse
c15	Thornwood Falls
c15	Vivid Crag
c15	Vivid Creek
c15	Vivid Grove
c15	Vivid Marsh
c15	Arachnogenesis
c15	Vivid Meadow
c15	Wind-Scarred Crag
c15	Zoetic Cavern
c15	Plains
c15	Plains
c15	Plains
c15	Plains
c15	Island
c15	Island
c15	Island
c15	Bloodspore Thrinax
c15	Island
c15	Swamp
c15	Swamp
c15	Swamp
c15	Swamp
c15	Mountain
c15	Mountain
c15	Mountain
c15	Mountain
c15	Forest
c15	Caller of the Pack
c15	Forest
c15	Forest
c15	Forest
c15	Centaur Vinecrasher
c15	Ezuri's Predation
c15	Great Oak Guardian
c15	Pathbreaker Ibex
c15	Skullwinder
c15	Herald of the Host
c15	Verdant Confluence
c15	Anya, Merciless Angel
c15	Arjun, the Shifting Flame
c15	Daxos the Returned
c15	Ezuri, Claw of Progress
c15	Kalemne, Disciple of Iroas
c15	Karlov of the Ghost Council
c15	Kaseto, Orochi Archmage
c15	Mazirek, Kraul Death Priest
c15	Meren of Clan Nel Toth
c15	Kalemne's Captain
c15	Mizzix of the Izmagnus
c15	Blade of Selves
c15	Sandstone Oracle
c15	Scytheclaw
c15	Seal of the Guildpact
c15	Thought Vessel
c15	Command Beacon
c15	Ajani's Chosen
c15	Angel of Serenity
c15	Arbiter of Knollridge
c15	Oreskos Explorer
c15	Aura of Silence
c15	Banishing Light
c15	Cage of Hands
c15	Celestial Ancient
c15	Celestial Archon
c15	Crib Swap
c15	Dawn to Dusk
c15	Dawnglare Invoker
c15	Dictate of Heliod
c15	Faith's Fetters
c15	Righteous Confluence
c15	Ghostblade Eidolon
c15	Jareth, Leonine Titan
c15	Karmic Justice
c15	Kor Sanctifiers
c15	Marshal's Anthem
c15	Mesa Enchantress
c15	Monk Idealist
c15	Open the Vaults
c15	Orim's Thunder
c15	Seal of Cleansing
c15	Shielded by Faith
c15	Sigil of the Empty Throne
c15	Silent Sentinel
c15	Sun Titan
c15	Victory's Herald
c15	Vow of Duty
c15	Aetherize
c15	Bident of Thassa
c15	Blatant Thievery
c15	Blue Sun's Zenith
c15	Blustersquall
c15	Aethersnatch
c15	Brainstorm
c15	Day of the Dragons
c15	Dominate
c15	Echoing Truth
c15	Fact or Fiction
c15	Jace's Archivist
c15	Lone Revenant
c15	Mulldrifter
c15	Mystic Retrieval
c15	Ninja of the Deep Hours
ugin	Ugin, the Spirit Dragon
ugin	Mastery of the Unseen
ugin	Smite the Monstrous
ugin	Soul Summons
ugin	Watcher of the Roost
ugin	Jeskai Infiltrator
ugin	Reality Shift
ugin	Mystic of the Hidden Way
ugin	Write into Being
ugin	Debilitating Injury
ugin	Grim Haruspex
ugin	Sultai Emissary
ugin	Ruthless Ripper
ugin	Ainok Tracker
ugin	Arc Lightning
ugin	Fierce Invocation
ugin	Jeering Instigator
ugin	Arashin War Beast
ugin	Formless Nurturing
ugin	Dragonscale Boon
ugin	Wildcall
ugin	Hewed Stone Retainers
ugin	Ugin's Construct
ugin	Altar of the Brood
ugin	Briber's Purse
ugin	Ghostfire Blade
palp	Forest
palp	Island
palp	Mountain
palp	Plains
palp	Swamp
palp	Forest
palp	Island
palp	Mountain
palp	Plains
palp	Swamp
palp	Forest
palp	Island
palp	Mountain
palp	Plains
palp	Swamp
pelp	Forest
pelp	Island
pelp	Mountain
pelp	Plains
pelp	Swamp
pelp	Forest
pelp	Island
pelp	Mountain
pelp	Plains
pelp	Swamp
pelp	Forest
pelp	Island
pelp	Mountain
pelp	Plains
pelp	Swamp
sus	Thran Quarry
sus	Serra Avatar
sus	Lord of Atlantis
sus	Crusade
sus	Elvish Lyrist
sus	City of Brass
sus	Volcanic Hammer
sus	Giant Growth
sus	Two-Headed Dragon
sus	Slith Firewalker
sus	Royal Assassin
sus	Sakura-Tribe Elder
sus	Shard Phoenix
sus	Soltari Priest
sus	Whirling Dervish
sus	Glorious Anthem
sus	Elvish Champion
sus	Mad Auntie
sus	Slith Firewalker
sus	Royal Assassin
sus	Sakura-Tribe Elder
sus	Shard Phoenix
sus	Soltari Priest
sus	Whirling Dervish
sus	Glorious Anthem
sus	Elvish Champion
sus	Sakura-Tribe Elder
sus	Shard Phoenix
sus	Soltari Priest
sus	Whirling Dervish
sus	Glorious Anthem
sus	Elvish Champion
arena	Plains
arena	Island
arena	Swamp
arena	Mountain
arena	Forest
arena	Disenchant
arena	Fireball
arena	Plains
arena	Island
arena	Swamp
arena	Mountain
arena	Forest
arena	Pouncing Jaguar
arena	Skittering Skirge
arena	Rewind
arena	Karn, Silver Golem
arena	Duress
arena	Uktabi Orangutan
arena	Chill
arena	Pillage
arena	Enlightened Tutor
arena	Stupor
arena	Plains
arena	Island
arena	Swamp
arena	Mountain
arena	Forest
arena	Creeping Mold
arena	Dismiss
arena	Fling
arena	Empyrial Armor
arena	Plains
arena	Island
arena	Swamp
arena	Mountain
arena	Forest
arena	Diabolic Edict
arena	Gaea's Blessing
arena	Island
arena	Forest
arena	Man-o'-War
arena	Arc Lightning
arena	Dauthi Slayer
arena	Mana Leak
arena	Plains
arena	Island
arena	Swamp
arena	Mountain
arena	Forest
arena	Skirk Marauder
arena	Elvish Aberration
arena	Bonesplitter
arena	Plains
arena	Island
arena	Swamp
arena	Mountain
arena	Forest
arena	Darksteel Ingot
arena	Serum Visions
arena	Glacial Ray
arena	Circle of Protection: Art
arena	Mise
arena	Booster Tutor
arena	Goblin Mime
arena	Granny's Payback
arena	Ashnod's Coupon
arena	Plains
arena	Island
arena	Swamp
arena	Mountain
arena	Forest
arena	Genju of the Spires
arena	Okina Nightwatch
arena	Skyknight Legionnaire
arena	Plains
arena	Island
arena	Swamp
arena	Mountain
arena	Forest
arena	Castigate
arena	Wee Dragonauts
arena	Coiling Oracle
arena	Surging Flame
cm1	Diaochan, Artful Beauty
cm1	Dragonlair Spider
cm1	Duplicant
cm1	Edric, Spymaster of Trest
cm1	Kaalia of the Vast
cm1	Loyal Retainers
cm1	Maelstrom Wanderer
cm1	The Mimeoplasm
cm1	Vela the Night-Clad
exp	Prairie Stream
exp	Sunken Hollow
exp	Smoldering Marsh
exp	Cinder Glade
exp	Canopy Vista
exp	Hallowed Fountain
exp	Watery Grave
exp	Blood Crypt
exp	Stomping Ground
exp	Temple Garden
exp	Godless Shrine
exp	Steam Vents
exp	Overgrown Tomb
exp	Sacred Foundry
exp	Breeding Pool
exp	Flooded Strand
exp	Polluted Delta
exp	Bloodstained Mire
exp	Wooded Foothills
exp	Windswept Heath
exp	Marsh Flats
exp	Scalding Tarn
exp	Verdant Catacombs
exp	Arid Mesa
exp	Misty Rainforest
exp	Mystic Gate
exp	Sunken Ruins
exp	Graven Cairns
exp	Fire-Lit Thicket
exp	Wooded Bastion
exp	Fetid Heath
exp	Cascade Bluffs
exp	Twilight Mire
exp	Rugged Prairie
exp	Flooded Grove
exp	Ancient Tomb
exp	Dust Bowl
exp	Eye of Ugin
exp	Forbidden Orchard
exp	Horizon Canopy
exp	Kor Haven
exp	Mana Confluence
exp	Strip Mine
exp	Tectonic Edge
exp	Wasteland
ogw	Deceiver of Form
ogw	Eldrazi Mimic
ogw	Endbringer
ogw	Kozilek, the Great Distortion
ogw	Kozilek's Pathfinder
ogw	Matter Reshaper
ogw	Reality Smasher
ogw	Spatial Contortion
ogw	Thought-Knot Seer
ogw	Walker of the Wastes
ogw	Warden of Geometries
ogw	Warping Wail
ogw	Eldrazi Displacer
ogw	Affa Protector
ogw	Allied Reinforcements
ogw	Call the Gatewatch
ogw	Dazzling Reflection
ogw	Expedition Raptor
ogw	General Tazri
ogw	Immolating Glare
ogw	Iona's Blessing
ogw	Isolation Zone
ogw	Kor Scythemaster
ogw	Kor Sky Climber
ogw	Linvala, the Preserver
ogw	Make a Stand
ogw	Makindi Aeronaut
ogw	Mighty Leap
ogw	Munda's Vanguard
ogw	Oath of Gideon
ogw	Ondu War Cleric
ogw	Relief Captain
ogw	Searing Light
ogw	Shoulder to Shoulder
ogw	Spawnbinder Mage
ogw	Steppe Glider
ogw	Stone Haven Outfitter
ogw	Stoneforge Acolyte
ogw	Wall of Resurgence
ogw	Abstruse Interference
ogw	Blinding Drone
ogw	Cultivator Drone
ogw	Deepfathom Skulker
ogw	Dimensional Infiltrator
ogw	Gravity Negator
ogw	Prophet of Distortion
ogw	Slip Through Space
ogw	Thought Harvester
ogw	Void Shatter
ogw	Ancient Crab
ogw	Comparative Analysis
ogw	Containment Membrane
ogw	Crush of Tentacles
ogw	Cyclone Sire
ogw	Gift of Tusks
ogw	Grip of the Roil
ogw	Hedron Alignment
ogw	Jwar Isle Avenger
ogw	Negate
ogw	Oath of Jace
ogw	Overwhelming Denial
ogw	Roiling Waters
ogw	Sphinx of the Final Word
ogw	Sweep Away
ogw	Umara Entangler
ogw	Unity of Purpose
ogw	Bearer of Silence
ogw	Dread Defiler
ogw	Essence Depleter
ogw	Flaying Tendrils
ogw	Havoc Sower
ogw	Inverter of Truth
ogw	Kozilek's Shrieker
ogw	Kozilek's Translator
ogw	Oblivion Strike
ogw	Reaver Drone
ogw	Sifter of Skulls
ogw	Sky Scourer
ogw	Slaughter Drone
ogw	Unnatural Endurance
ogw	Visions of Brutality
ogw	Witness the End
ogw	Corpse Churn
ogw	Drana's Chosen
ogw	Grasp of Darkness
ogw	Kalitas, Traitor of Ghet
ogw	Malakir Soothsayer
ogw	Null Caller
ogw	Remorseless Punishment
ogw	Tar Snare
ogw	Untamed Hunger
ogw	Vampire Envoy
ogw	Zulaport Chainmage
ogw	Consuming Sinkhole
ogw	Eldrazi Aggressor
ogw	Eldrazi Obligator
ogw	Immobilizer Eldrazi
ogw	Kozilek's Return
ogw	Maw of Kozilek
ogw	Reality Hemorrhage
ogw	Akoum Flameseeker
ogw	Boulder Salvo
ogw	Brute Strength
ogw	Chandra, Flamecaller
ogw	Cinder Hellion
ogw	Devour in Flames
ogw	Embodiment of Fury
ogw	Expedite
ogw	Fall of the Titans
ogw	Goblin Dark-Dwellers
ogw	Goblin Freerunner
ogw	Kazuul's Toll Collector
ogw	Oath of Chandra
ogw	Press into Service
ogw	Pyromancer's Assault
ogw	Reckless Bushwhacker
ogw	Sparkmage's Gambit
ogw	Tears of Valakut
ogw	Tyrant of Valakut
ogw	Zada's Commando
ogw	Birthing Hulk
ogw	Ruin in Their Wake
ogw	Scion Summoner
ogw	Stalking Drone
ogw	Vile Redeemer
ogw	World Breaker
ogw	Baloth Pup
ogw	Bonds of Mortality
ogw	Canopy Gorger
ogw	Elemental Uprising
ogw	Embodiment of Insight
ogw	Gladehart Cavalry
ogw	Harvester Troll
ogw	Lead by Example
ogw	Loam Larva
ogw	Natural State
ogw	Netcaster Spider
ogw	Nissa, Voice of Zendikar
ogw	Nissa's Judgment
ogw	Oath of Nissa
ogw	Pulse of Murasa
ogw	Saddleback Lagac
ogw	Seed Guardian
ogw	Sylvan Advocate
ogw	Tajuru Pathwarden
ogw	Vines of the Recluse
ogw	Zendikar Resurgent
ogw	Flayer Drone
ogw	Mindmelter
ogw	Void Grafter
ogw	Ayli, Eternal Pilgrim
ogw	Baloth Null
ogw	Cliffhaven Vampire
ogw	Joraga Auxiliary
ogw	Jori En, Ruin Diver
ogw	Mina and Denn, Wildborn
ogw	Reflector Mage
ogw	Relentless Hunter
ogw	Stormchaser Mage
ogw	Weapons Trainer
ogw	Bone Saw
ogw	Captain's Claws
ogw	Chitinous Cloak
ogw	Hedron Crawler
ogw	Seer's Lantern
ogw	Stoneforge Masterwork
ogw	Strider Harness
ogw	Cinder Barrens
ogw	Corrupted Crossroads
ogw	Crumbling Vestige
ogw	Hissing Quagmire
ogw	Holdout Settlement
ogw	Meandering River
ogw	Mirrorpool
ogw	Needle Spires
ogw	Ruins of Oran-Rief
ogw	Sea Gate Wreckage
ogw	Submerged Boneyard
ogw	Timber Gorge
ogw	Tranquil Expanse
ogw	Unknown Shores
ogw	Wandering Fumarole
ogw	Wastes
ogw	Wastes
ddq	Geist of Saint Traft
ddq	Bonds of Faith
ddq	Cathedral Sanctifier
ddq	Champion of the Parish
ddq	Chapel Geist
ddq	Dearly Departed
ddq	Doomed Traveler
ddq	Eerie Interlude
ddq	Elder Cathar
ddq	Emancipation Angel
ddq	Fiend Hunter
ddq	Gather the Townsfolk
ddq	Goldnight Redeemer
ddq	Increasing Devotion
ddq	Momentary Blink
ddq	Moorland Inquisitor
ddq	Rebuke
ddq	Slayer of the Wicked
ddq	Spectral Gateguards
ddq	Thraben Heretic
ddq	Topplegeist
ddq	Village Bell-Ringer
ddq	Voice of the Provinces
ddq	Captain of the Mists
ddq	Gryff Vanguard
ddq	Mist Raven
ddq	Nephalia Smuggler
ddq	Pore Over the Pages
ddq	Tandem Lookout
ddq	Tower Geist
ddq	Butcher's Cleaver
ddq	Sharpened Pitchfork
ddq	Seraph Sanctuary
ddq	Tranquil Cove
ddq	Plains
ddq	Plains
ddq	Plains
ddq	Island
ddq	Island
ddq	Island
ddq	Mindwrack Demon
ddq	Compelling Deterrence
ddq	Forbidden Alchemy
ddq	Havengul Runebinder
ddq	Makeshift Mauler
ddq	Relentless Skaabs
ddq	Scrapskin Drake
ddq	Screeching Skaab
ddq	Stitched Drake
ddq	Abattoir Ghoul
ddq	Appetite for Brains
ddq	Barter in Blood
ddq	Butcher Ghoul
ddq	Diregraf Ghoul
ddq	Dread Return
ddq	Driver of the Dead
ddq	Falkenrath Noble
ddq	Ghoulraiser
ddq	Gravecrawler
ddq	Harvester of Souls
ddq	Human Frailty
ddq	Moan of the Unhallowed
ddq	Sever the Bloodline
ddq	Tooth Collector
ddq	Tribute to Hunger
ddq	Unbreathing Horde
ddq	Victim of Night
ddq	Diregraf Captain
ddq	Cobbled Wings
ddq	Dismal Backwater
ddq	Island
ddq	Island
ddq	Island
ddq	Swamp
ddq	Swamp
ddq	Swamp
arb	Ardent Plea
apc	Fire
apc	Ice
apc	Fire
apc	Ice
apc	Illusion
apc	Reality
apc	Illusion
apc	Reality
apc	Life
apc	Death
apc	Life
apc	Death
apc	Night
apc	Day
apc	Night
apc	Day
apc	Order
apc	Chaos
apc	Order
apc	Chaos
arc	Wax
arc	Wane
dka	Chalice of Life
dka	Chalice of Death
dka	Elbrus, the Binding Blade
dka	Ghastly Haunting
dis	Bound
dis	Determined
dis	Crime
dis	Punishment
dis	Hide
dis	Seek
dis	Hit
dis	Run
dis	Odds
dis	Ends
dis	Pure
dis	Simple
dis	Research
dis	Development
dis	Rise
dis	Fall
dis	Supply
dis	Demand
dis	Trial
dis	Error
ddh	Spite
ddh	Malice
ddh	Pain
ddh	Suffering
ddh	Rise
ddh	Fall
ddj	Ice
ddj	Fire
ddj	Golgari Grave-Troll
ddj	Life
ddj	Death
mgdc	Reya Dawnbringer
mgdc	Liliana's Specter
mgdc	Mitotic Slime
mgdc	Memnite
mgdc	Tempered Steel
mgdc	Treasure Mage
mgdc	Black Sun's Zenith
mgdc	Myr Superion
mgdc	Priest of Urabrask
mgdc	Stormblood Berserker
mgdc	Dungrove Elder
mgdc	Diregraf Ghoul
mgdc	Elite Inquisitor
mgdc	Zombie Apocalypse
mgdc	Strangleroot Geist
mgdc	Suture Priest
mgdc	Pristine Talisman
mgdc	Latch Seeker
mgdc	Killing Wave
mgdc	Magmaquake
mgdc	Mwonvuli Beast Tracker
mgdc	Cryptborn Horror
mgdc	Dryad Militant
mgdc	Firemane Avenger
mgdc	Zameck Guildmage
mgdc	Melek, Izzet Paragon
mgdc	Trostani's Summoner
mgdc	Hive Stirrings
mgdc	Goblin Diplomats
mgdc	Phalanx Leader
mgdc	Nighthowler
mgdc	Pain Seer
mgdc	Kiora's Follower
mgdc	Squelching Leeches
mgdc	Dictate of Kruphix
mgdc	Hall of Triumph
mgdc	Heir of the Wilds
mgdc	Utter End
mgdc	Reclamation Sage
mgdc	Chief Engineer
mgdc	Mardu Shadowspear
mgdc	Supplant Form
mgdc	Scaleguard Sentinels
mgdc	Thunderbreak Regent
mgdc	Conclave Naturalists
mgdc	Languish
mgdc	Stasis Snare
mgdc	Radiant Flames
mgdc	Immolating Glare
mgdc	Jori En, Ruin Diver
mgdc	Incorrigible Youths
mgdc	Anguished Unmaking
mgdc	Unsubstantiate
mgdc	Heron's Grace Champion
mgdc	Essence Extraction
mgdc	Cultivator of Blades
mgdc	Trophy Mage
mgdc	Yahenni's Expertise
mgdc	Trueheart Duelist
mgdc	Glorybringer
mgdc	Adorned Pouncer
mgdc	Abrade
mgdc	Walk the Plank
isd	Garruk Relentless
isd	Garruk, the Veil-Cursed
inv	Stand
inv	Deliver
inv	Stand
inv	Deliver
inv	Spite
inv	Malice
inv	Spite
inv	Malice
inv	Pain
inv	Suffering
inv	Pain
inv	Suffering
inv	Assault
inv	Battery
inv	Assault
inv	Battery
inv	Wax
inv	Wane
inv	Wax
inv	Wane
cmd	Fire
cmd	Ice
plc	Boom
plc	Bust
plc	Dead
plc	Gone
plc	Rough
plc	Tumble
hop	Assault
hop	Battery
hop	Order
hop	Chaos
rav	Golgari Grave-Troll
tsb	Assault
tsb	Battery
dgm	Alive
dgm	Well
dgm	Dangerous
dgm	Armed
dgm	Beck
dgm	Call
dgm	Breaking
dgm	Entering
dgm	Catch
dgm	Release
dgm	Dirty
dgm	Down
dgm	Far
dgm	Away
dgm	Flesh
dgm	Blood
dgm	Give
dgm	Take
dgm	Profit
dgm	Loss
dgm	Protect
dgm	Serve
dgm	Ready
dgm	Willing
dgm	Trouble
dgm	Toil
dgm	Burn
dgm	Turn
dgm	Tear
dgm	Wear
mbp	Arena
mbp	Sewers of Estark
mbp	Nalathni Dragon
mbp	Fireball
mbp	Blue Elemental Blast
mbp	Mana Crypt
mbp	Windseeker Centaur
mbp	Giant Badger
mbp	Scent of Cinder
mbp	Lightning Hounds
mbp	Spined Wurm
mbp	Warmonger
mbp	Silver Drake
mbp	Phyrexian Rager
mbp	Jace Beleren
mbp	Garruk Wildspeaker
mbp	Brion Stoutarm
mbp	Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
mbp	Broodmate Dragon
mbp	Honor of the Pure
mbp	Steward of Valeron
mbp	Day of Judgment
mbp	Celestial Colonnade
mbp	Retaliator Griffin
mbp	Kor Skyfisher
mbp	Guul Draz Assassin
mbp	Nissa Revane
mbp	Birds of Paradise
mbp	Memoricide
mbp	Liliana Vess
mbp	Bloodthrone Vampire
mbp	Mirran Crusader
mbp	Surgical Extraction
mbp	Frost Titan
mbp	Grave Titan
mbp	Inferno Titan
mbp	Chandra's Phoenix
mbp	Treasure Hunt
mbp	Faithless Looting
mbp	Devil's Play
mbp	Gravecrawler
mbp	Electrolyze
mbp	Feast of Blood
mbp	Silverblade Paladin
mbp	Merfolk Mesmerist
mbp	Knight Exemplar
mbp	Sunblast Angel
mbp	Serra Avatar
mbp	Primordial Hydra
mbp	Vampire Nocturnus
mbp	Cathedral of War
mbp	Terastodon
mbp	Arrest
mbp	Consume Spirit
mbp	Dreg Mangler
mbp	Supreme Verdict
mbp	Standstill
mbp	Breath of Malfegor
mbp	Angel of Glory's Rise
mbp	Turnabout
mbp	Nightveil Specter
mbp	Voidmage Husher
mbp	Ogre Arsonist
mbp	Corrupt
mbp	Chandra's Fury
mbp	Render Silent
mbp	Ratchet Bomb
mbp	Bonescythe Sliver
mbp	Ogre Battledriver
mbp	Scavenging Ooze
mbp	Hamletback Goliath
mbp	Ajani, Caller of the Pride
mbp	Jace, Memory Adept
mbp	Liliana of the Dark Realms
mbp	Chandra, Pyromaster
mbp	Garruk, Caller of Beasts
mbp	Sylvan Caryatid
mbp	Karametra's Acolyte
mbp	Fated Conflagration
mbp	High Tide
mbp	Gaze of Granite
mbp	Wash Out
mbp	Acquire
mbp	Duress
mbp	Eidolon of Blossoms
mbp	Magister of Worth
mbp	Soul of Ravnica
mbp	Soul of Zendikar
mbp	Stealer of Secrets
mbp	Angelic Skirmisher
mbp	Xathrid Necromancer
mbp	Rattleclaw Mystic
mbp	Ankle Shanker
mbp	Ivorytusk Fortress
mbp	Rakshasa Vizier
mbp	Sage of the Inward Eye
mbp	Goblin Rabblemaster
mbp	Ajani Steadfast
mbp	Jace, the Living Guildpact
mbp	Liliana Vess
mbp	Chandra, Pyromaster
mbp	Nissa, Worldwaker
mbp	Garruk, Apex Predator
mbp	Shamanic Revelation
mbp	Ojutai's Command
mbp	Dragonscale General
mbp	Sage-Eye Avengers
mbp	Archfiend of Depravity
mbp	Flamerush Rider
mbp	Temur War Shaman
mbp	Arashin Sovereign
mbp	Pristine Skywise
mbp	Necromaster Dragon
mbp	Boltwing Marauder
mbp	Harbinger of the Hunt
mbp	Sultai Charm
mbp	Aeronaut Tinkerer
mbp	Dragon Fodder
mbp	Dragonlord's Servant
mbp	Evolving Wilds
mbp	Foe-Razer Regent
mbp	Relic Seeker
mbp	Alhammarret, High Arbiter
mbp	Dwynen, Gilt-Leaf Daen
mbp	Hixus, Prison Warden
mbp	Kothophed, Soul Hoarder
mbp	Pia and Kiran Nalaar
mbp	Honored Hierarch
mbp	Seeker of the Way
mbp	Valorous Stance
mbp	Dromoka, the Eternal
mbp	Siege Rhino
mbp	Sandsteppe Citadel
mbp	Ruinous Path
mbp	Hero of Goma Fada
mbp	Drowner of Hope
mbp	Defiant Bloodlord
mbp	Barrage Tyrant
mbp	Oran-Rief Hydra
mbp	Scythe Leopard
mbp	Genesis Hydra
mbp	Munda's Vanguard
mbp	Deepfathom Skulker
mbp	Dread Defiler
mbp	Tyrant of Valakut
mbp	Gladehart Cavalry
mbp	Goblin Dark-Dwellers
mbp	Drogskol Cavalry
mbp	Nephalia Moondrakes
mbp	Markov Dreadknight
mbp	Flameblade Angel
mbp	Soul Swallower
mbp	Elusive Tormentor
mbp	Insidious Mist
mbp	Ravenous Bloodseeker
mbp	Thalia, Heretic Cathar
mbp	Sanctifier of Souls
mbp	Niblis of Frost
mbp	Noosegraf Mob
mbp	Assembled Alphas
mbp	Ulvenwald Observer
mbp	Skyship Stalker
mbp	Emrakul, the Aeons Torn
mbp	Scrap Trawler
mbp	Archfiend of Ifnir
mbp	Wildfire Eternal
mbp	Canopy Vista
mbp	Cinder Glade
mbp	Prairie Stream
mbp	Smoldering Marsh
mbp	Sunken Hollow
mbp	Gideon, Ally of Zendikar
mbp	Jace, Unraveler of Secrets
mbp	Liliana, the Last Hope
mbp	Chandra, Flamecaller
mbp	Nissa, Voice of Zendikar
mbp	Gideon of the Trials
mbp	Jace, Unraveler of Secrets
mbp	Liliana, Death's Majesty
mbp	Chandra, Torch of Defiance
mbp	Nicol Bolas, God-Pharaoh
mbp	Nissa, Steward of Elements
mbp	Burning Sun's Avatar
mbp	Unclaimed Territory
mbp	Kytheon, Hero of Akros
mbp	Gideon, Battle-Forged
mbp	Jace, Vryn's Prodigy
mbp	Jace, Telepath Unbound
mbp	Liliana, Heretical Healer
mbp	Liliana, Defiant Necromancer
mbp	Chandra, Fire of Kaladesh
mbp	Chandra, Roaring Flame
mbp	Nissa, Vastwood Seer
mbp	Nissa, Sage Animist
mbp	Sultai
dtk	Dragonlord Kolaghan
soi	Always Watching
soi	Angel of Deliverance
soi	Angelic Purge
soi	Apothecary Geist
soi	Archangel Avacyn
soi	Avacyn, the Purifier
soi	Avacynian Missionaries
soi	Lunarch Inquisitors
soi	Bound by Moonsilver
soi	Bygone Bishop
soi	Cathar's Companion
soi	Chaplain's Blessing
soi	Dauntless Cathar
soi	Declaration in Stone
soi	Descend upon the Sinful
soi	Devilthorn Fox
soi	Drogskol Cavalry
soi	Eerie Interlude
soi	Emissary of the Sleepless
soi	Ethereal Guidance
soi	Expose Evil
soi	Gryff's Boon
soi	Hanweir Militia Captain
soi	Westvale Cult Leader
soi	Hope Against Hope
soi	Humble the Brute
soi	Inquisitor's Ox
soi	Inspiring Captain
soi	Militant Inquisitor
soi	Moorland Drifter
soi	Nahiri's Machinations
soi	Nearheath Chaplain
soi	Not Forgotten
soi	Odric, Lunarch Marshal
soi	Open the Armory
soi	Paranoid Parish-Blade
soi	Pious Evangel
soi	Wayward Disciple
soi	Puncturing Light
soi	Reaper of Flight Moonsilver
soi	Silverstrike
soi	Spectral Shepherd
soi	Stern Constable
soi	Strength of Arms
soi	Survive the Night
soi	Tenacity
soi	Thalia's Lieutenant
soi	Thraben Inspector
soi	Topplegeist
soi	Town Gossipmonger
soi	Incited Rabble
soi	Unruly Mob
soi	Vessel of Ephemera
soi	Aberrant Researcher
soi	Perfected Form
soi	Broken Concentration
soi	Catalog
soi	Compelling Deterrence
soi	Confirm Suspicions
soi	Daring Sleuth
soi	Bearer of Overwhelming Truths
soi	Deny Existence
soi	Drownyard Explorers
soi	Drunau Corpse Trawler
soi	Engulf the Shore
soi	Epiphany at the Drownyard
soi	Erdwal Illuminator
soi	Essence Flux
soi	Fleeting Memories
soi	Forgotten Creation
soi	Furtive Homunculus
soi	Geralf's Masterpiece
soi	Ghostly Wings
soi	Gone Missing
soi	Invasive Surgery
soi	Jace, Unraveler of Secrets
soi	Jace's Scrutiny
soi	Just the Wind
soi	Lamplighter of Selhoff
soi	Manic Scribe
soi	Nagging Thoughts
soi	Nephalia Moondrakes
soi	Niblis of Dusk
soi	Ongoing Investigation
soi	Pieces of the Puzzle
soi	Pore Over the Pages
soi	Press for Answers
soi	Rattlechains
soi	Reckless Scholar
soi	Rise from the Tides
soi	Seagraf Skaab
soi	Silburlind Snapper
soi	Silent Observer
soi	Sleep Paralysis
soi	Startled Awake
soi	Persistent Nightmare
soi	Stitched Mangler
soi	Stitchwing Skaab
soi	Stormrider Spirit
soi	Thing in the Ice
soi	Awoken Horror
soi	Trail of Evidence
soi	Uninvited Geist
soi	Unimpeded Trespasser
soi	Vessel of Paramnesia
soi	Welcome to the Fold
soi	Accursed Witch
soi	Infectious Curse
soi	Alms of the Vein
soi	Asylum Visitor
soi	Behind the Scenes
soi	Behold the Beyond
soi	Biting Rain
soi	Call the Bloodline
soi	Creeping Dread
soi	Crow of Dark Tidings
soi	Dead Weight
soi	Diregraf Colossus
soi	Elusive Tormentor
soi	Insidious Mist
soi	Ever After
soi	Farbog Revenant
soi	From Under the Floorboards
soi	Ghoulcaller's Accomplice
soi	Ghoulsteed
soi	Gisa's Bidding
soi	Grotesque Mutation
soi	Heir of Falkenrath
soi	Heir to the Night
soi	Hound of the Farbogs
soi	Indulgent Aristocrat
soi	Kindly Stranger
soi	Demon-Possessed Witch
soi	Liliana's Indignation
soi	Macabre Waltz
soi	Markov Dreadknight
soi	Merciless Resolve
soi	Mindwrack Demon
soi	Morkrut Necropod
soi	Murderous Compulsion
soi	Olivia's Bloodsworn
soi	Pale Rider of Trostad
soi	Pick the Brain
soi	Rancid Rats
soi	Relentless Dead
soi	Rottenheart Ghoul
soi	Sanitarium Skeleton
soi	Shamble Back
soi	Sinister Concoction
soi	Stallion of Ashmouth
soi	Stromkirk Mentor
soi	Throttle
soi	To the Slaughter
soi	Tooth Collector
soi	Triskaidekaphobia
soi	Twins of Maurer Estate
soi	Vampire Noble
soi	Vessel of Malignity
soi	Avacyn's Judgment
soi	Bloodmad Vampire
soi	Breakneck Rider
soi	Neck Breaker
soi	Burn from Within
soi	Convicted Killer
soi	Branded Howler
soi	Dance with Devils
soi	Devils' Playground
soi	Dissension in the Ranks
soi	Dual Shot
soi	Ember-Eye Wolf
soi	Falkenrath Gorger
soi	Fiery Temper
soi	Flameblade Angel
soi	Gatstaf Arsonists
soi	Gatstaf Ravagers
soi	Geier Reach Bandit
soi	Vildin-Pack Alpha
soi	Geistblast
soi	Gibbering Fiend
soi	Goldnight Castigator
soi	Harness the Storm
soi	Howlpack Wolf
soi	Hulking Devil
soi	Incorrigible Youths
soi	Inner Struggle
soi	Insolent Neonate
soi	Kessig Forgemaster
soi	Flameheart Werewolf
soi	Lightning Axe
soi	Mad Prophet
soi	Magmatic Chasm
soi	Malevolent Whispers
soi	Pyre Hound
soi	Ravenous Bloodseeker
soi	Reduce to Ashes
soi	Rush of Adrenaline
soi	Sanguinary Mage
soi	Scourge Wolf
soi	Senseless Rage
soi	Sin Prodder
soi	Skin Invasion
soi	Skin Shedder
soi	Spiteful Motives
soi	Stensia Masquerade
soi	Structural Distortion
soi	Tormenting Voice
soi	Ulrich's Kindred
soi	Uncaged Fury
soi	Vessel of Volatility
soi	Village Messenger
soi	Moonrise Intruder
soi	Voldaren Duelist
soi	Wolf of Devil's Breach
soi	Aim High
soi	Autumnal Gloom
soi	Ancient of the Equinox
soi	Briarbridge Patrol
soi	Byway Courier
soi	Clip Wings
soi	Confront the Unknown
soi	Crawling Sensation
soi	Cryptolith Rite
soi	Cult of the Waxing Moon
soi	Deathcap Cultivator
soi	Duskwatch Recruiter
soi	Krallenhorde Howler
soi	Equestrian Skill
soi	Fork in the Road
soi	Gloomwidow
soi	Graf Mole
soi	Groundskeeper
soi	Hermit of the Natterknolls
soi	Lone Wolf of the Natterknolls
soi	Hinterland Logger
soi	Timber Shredder
soi	Howlpack Resurgence
soi	Inexorable Blob
soi	Intrepid Provisioner
soi	Kessig Dire Swine
soi	Lambholt Pacifist
soi	Lambholt Butcher
soi	Loam Dryad
soi	Might Beyond Reason
soi	Moldgraf Scavenger
soi	Moonlight Hunt
soi	Obsessive Skinner
soi	Pack Guardian
soi	Quilled Wolf
soi	Rabid Bite
soi	Root Out
soi	Sage of Ancient Lore
soi	Werewolf of Ancient Hunger
soi	Seasons Past
soi	Second Harvest
soi	Silverfur Partisan
soi	Solitary Hunter
soi	One of the Pack
soi	Soul Swallower
soi	Stoic Builder
soi	Thornhide Wolves
soi	Tireless Tracker
soi	Traverse the Ulvenwald
soi	Ulvenwald Hydra
soi	Ulvenwald Mysteries
soi	Vessel of Nascency
soi	Veteran Cathar
soi	Watcher in the Web
soi	Weirding Wood
soi	Altered Ego
soi	Anguished Unmaking
soi	Arlinn Kord
soi	Arlinn, Embraced by the Moon
soi	Fevered Visions
soi	The Gitrog Monster
soi	Invocation of Saint Traft
soi	Nahiri, the Harbinger
soi	Olivia, Mobilized for War
soi	Prized Amalgam
soi	Sigarda, Heron's Grace
soi	Sorin, Grim Nemesis
soi	Brain in a Jar
soi	Corrupted Grafstone
soi	Epitaph Golem
soi	Explosive Apparatus
soi	Harvest Hand
soi	Scrounged Scythe
soi	Haunted Cloak
soi	Magnifying Glass
soi	Murderer's Axe
soi	Neglected Heirloom
soi	Ashmouth Blade
soi	Runaway Carriage
soi	Shard of Broken Glass
soi	Skeleton Key
soi	Slayer's Plate
soi	Tamiyo's Journal
soi	Thraben Gargoyle
soi	Stonewing Antagonizer
soi	True-Faith Censer
soi	Wicker Witch
soi	Wild-Field Scarecrow
soi	Choked Estuary
soi	Drownyard Temple
soi	Foreboding Ruins
soi	Forsaken Sanctuary
soi	Fortified Village
soi	Foul Orchard
soi	Game Trail
soi	Highland Lake
soi	Port Town
soi	Stone Quarry
soi	Woodland Stream
soi	Warped Landscape
soi	Westvale Abbey
soi	Ormendahl, Profane Prince
soi	Plains
soi	Plains
soi	Plains
soi	Island
soi	Island
soi	Island
soi	Swamp
soi	Swamp
soi	Swamp
soi	Mountain
soi	Mountain
soi	Mountain
soi	Forest
soi	Forest
soi	Forest
ema	Balance
ema	Enlightened Tutor
ema	Karmic Guide
ema	Mesa Enchantress
ema	Mother of Runes
ema	Squadron Hawk
ema	Swords to Plowshares
ema	Unexpectedly Absent
ema	Wrath of God
ema	Brainstorm
ema	Control Magic
ema	Counterspell
ema	Daze
ema	Diminishing Returns
ema	Force of Will
ema	Giant Tortoise
ema	Hydroblast
ema	Jace, the Mind Sculptor
ema	Man-o'-War
ema	Mystical Tutor
ema	Oona's Grace
ema	Prodigal Sorcerer
ema	Quiet Speculation
ema	Animate Dead
ema	Cabal Therapy
ema	Entomb
ema	Hymn to Tourach
ema	Ichorid
ema	Innocent Blood
ema	Nausea
ema	Necropotence
ema	Sengir Autocrat
ema	Sinkhole
ema	Toxic Deluge
ema	Vampiric Tutor
ema	Burning Vengeance
ema	Chain Lightning
ema	Dualcaster Mage
ema	Firebolt
ema	Gamble
ema	Price of Progress
ema	Pyroblast
ema	Rorix Bladewing
ema	Sneak Attack
ema	Sulfuric Vortex
ema	Wildfire Emissary
ema	Worldgorger Dragon
ema	Ancestral Mask
ema	Argothian Enchantress
ema	Emperor Crocodile
ema	Gaea's Blessing
ema	Green Sun's Zenith
ema	Natural Order
ema	Nimble Mongoose
ema	Regal Force
ema	Sylvan Library
ema	Timberwatch Elf
ema	Werebear
ema	Wirewood Symbiote
ema	Baleful Strix
ema	Bloodbraid Elf
ema	Dack Fayden
ema	Goblin Trenches
ema	Maelstrom Wanderer
ema	Shaman of the Pack
ema	Shardless Agent
ema	Vindicate
ema	Void
ema	Wee Dragonauts
ema	Call the Skybreaker
ema	Deathrite Shaman
ema	Giant Solifuge
ema	Ashnod's Altar
ema	Chrome Mox
ema	Goblin Charbelcher
ema	Isochron Scepter
ema	Mana Crypt
ema	Nevinyrral's Disk
ema	Sensei's Divining Top
ema	Karakas
ema	Maze of Ith
ema	Mishra's Factory
ema	Wasteland
ema	Abundant Growth
ema	Annihilate
ema	Arcanis the Omnipotent
ema	Armadillo Cloak
ema	Avarax
ema	Aven Riftwatcher
ema	Ballynock Cohort
ema	Battle Squadron
ema	Beetleback Chief
ema	Benevolent Bodyguard
ema	Blightsoil Druid
ema	Blood Artist
ema	Bloodfell Caves
ema	Blossoming Sands
ema	Borderland Marauder
ema	Brago, King Eternal
ema	Braids, Cabal Minion
ema	Brawn
ema	Calciderm
ema	Carbonize
ema	Carrion Feeder
ema	Centaur Chieftain
ema	Cephalid Sage
ema	Civic Wayfinder
ema	Coalition Honor Guard
ema	Commune with the Gods
ema	Crater Hellion
ema	Deadbridge Shaman
ema	Deep Analysis
ema	Desperate Ravings
ema	Dismal Backwater
ema	Dragon Egg
ema	Dream Twist
ema	Duplicant
ema	Duress
ema	Eight-and-a-Half-Tails
ema	Elephant Guide
ema	Elite Vanguard
ema	Elvish Vanguard
ema	Emmessi Tome
ema	Extract from Darkness
ema	Eyeblight's Ending
ema	Fact or Fiction
ema	Faith's Fetters
ema	Faithless Looting
ema	Fervent Cathar
ema	Field of Souls
ema	Flame Jab
ema	Flame-Kin Zealot
ema	Flinthoof Boar
ema	Fog
ema	Future Sight
ema	Gaseous Form
ema	Ghitu Slinger
ema	Glacial Wall
ema	Glare of Subdual
ema	Glimmerpoint Stag
ema	Gravedigger
ema	Harmonize
ema	Havoc Demon
ema	Heritage Druid
ema	Honden of Cleansing Fire
ema	Honden of Infinite Rage
ema	Honden of Life's Web
ema	Honden of Night's Reach
ema	Honden of Seeing Winds
ema	Humble
ema	Imperious Perfect
ema	Inkwell Leviathan
ema	Intangible Virtue
ema	Invigorate
ema	Jareth, Leonine Titan
ema	Jetting Glasskite
ema	Juggernaut
ema	Jungle Hollow
ema	Keldon Champion
ema	Keldon Marauders
ema	Kird Ape
ema	Kor Hookmaster
ema	Llanowar Elves
ema	Lys Alana Huntmaster
ema	Lys Alana Scarblade
ema	Malicious Affliction
ema	Memory Lapse
ema	Merfolk Looter
ema	Millikin
ema	Mindless Automaton
ema	Mistral Charger
ema	Mogg Fanatic
ema	Mogg War Marshal
ema	Monk Idealist
ema	Nature's Claim
ema	Nekrataal
ema	Night's Whisper
ema	Orcish Oriflamme
ema	Pacifism
ema	Peregrine Drake
ema	Phantom Monster
ema	Phyrexian Gargantua
ema	Phyrexian Ingester
ema	Phyrexian Rager
ema	Pilgrim's Eye
ema	Plague Witch
ema	Prismatic Lens
ema	Prowling Pangolin
ema	Pyrokinesis
ema	Raise the Alarm
ema	Rally the Peasants
ema	Rancor
ema	Reckless Charge
ema	Relic of Progenitus
ema	Roar of the Wurm
ema	Roots
ema	Rugged Highlands
ema	Scoured Barrens
ema	Screeching Skaab
ema	Seal of Cleansing
ema	Seal of Strength
ema	Second Thoughts
ema	Seismic Stomp
ema	Sentinel Spider
ema	Serendib Efreet
ema	Serra Angel
ema	Shelter
ema	Shoreline Ranger
ema	Siege-Gang Commander
ema	Silent Departure
ema	Silvos, Rogue Elemental
ema	Skulking Ghost
ema	Soulcatcher
ema	Sphinx of the Steel Wind
ema	Sprite Noble
ema	Stingscourger
ema	Stupefying Touch
ema	Swiftwater Cliffs
ema	Sylvan Might
ema	Thornweald Archer
ema	Thornwood Falls
ema	Thunderclap Wyvern
ema	Ticking Gnomes
ema	Tidal Wave
ema	Tooth and Claw
ema	Torrent of Souls
ema	Tragic Slip
ema	Tranquil Cove
ema	Trygon Predator
ema	Twisted Abomination
ema	Undying Rage
ema	Urborg Uprising
ema	Victimize
ema	Visara the Dreadful
ema	Wake of Vultures
ema	Wakedancer
ema	Wall of Omens
ema	War Priest of Thune
ema	Warden of Evos Isle
ema	Welkin Guide
ema	Whitemane Lion
ema	Wind-Scarred Crag
ema	Winter Orb
ema	Wonder
ema	Worn Powerstone
ema	Xantid Swarm
ema	Yavimaya Enchantress
ema	Young Pyromancer
ema	Zealous Persecution
w16	Aegis Angel
w16	Air Servant
w16	Borderland Marauder
w16	Cone of Flame
w16	Disperse
w16	Incremental Growth
w16	Marked by Honor
w16	Mind Rot
w16	Nightmare
w16	Oakenform
w16	Sengir Vampire
w16	Serra Angel
w16	Shivan Dragon
w16	Soul of the Harvest
w16	Sphinx of Magosi
w16	Walking Corpse
emn	Abundant Maw
emn	Decimator of the Provinces
emn	Distended Mindbender
emn	Drownyard Behemoth
emn	Elder Deep-Fiend
emn	Emrakul, the Promised End
emn	Eternal Scourge
emn	It of the Horrid Swarm
emn	Lashweed Lurker
emn	Mockery of Nature
emn	Vexing Scuttler
emn	Wretched Gryff
emn	Blessed Alliance
emn	Borrowed Grace
emn	Bruna, the Fading Light
emn	Brisela, Voice of Nightmares
emn	Choking Restraints
emn	Collective Effort
emn	Courageous Outrider
emn	Dawn Gryff
emn	Deploy the Gatewatch
emn	Desperate Sentry
emn	Drogskol Shieldmate
emn	Extricator of Sin
emn	Extricator of Flesh
emn	Faith Unbroken
emn	Faithbearer Paladin
emn	Fiend Binder
emn	Geist of the Lonely Vigil
emn	Gisela, the Broken Blade
emn	Give No Ground
emn	Guardian of Pilgrims
emn	Ironclad Slayer
emn	Ironwright's Cleansing
emn	Lone Rider
emn	It That Rides as One
emn	Long Road Home
emn	Lunarch Mantle
emn	Peace of Mind
emn	Providence
emn	Repel the Abominable
emn	Sanctifier of Souls
emn	Selfless Spirit
emn	Sigarda's Aid
emn	Sigardian Priest
emn	Spectral Reserves
emn	Steadfast Cathar
emn	Subjugator Angel
emn	Thalia, Heretic Cathar
emn	Thalia's Lancers
emn	Thraben Standard Bearer
emn	Advanced Stitchwing
emn	Chilling Grasp
emn	Coax from the Blind Eternities
emn	Contingency Plan
emn	Convolute
emn	Curious Homunculus
emn	Voracious Reader
emn	Displace
emn	Docent of Perfection
emn	Final Iteration
emn	Drag Under
emn	Enlightened Maniac
emn	Exultant Cultist
emn	Fogwalker
emn	Fortune's Favor
emn	Geist of the Archives
emn	Grizzled Angler
emn	Grisly Anglerfish
emn	Identity Thief
emn	Imprisoned in the Moon
emn	Ingenious Skaab
emn	Laboratory Brute
emn	Lunar Force
emn	Mausoleum Wanderer
emn	Mind's Dilation
emn	Nebelgast Herald
emn	Niblis of Frost
emn	Scour the Laboratory
emn	Spontaneous Mutation
emn	Summary Dismissal
emn	Take Inventory
emn	Tattered Haunter
emn	Turn Aside
emn	Unsubstantiate
emn	Wharf Infiltrator
emn	Boon of Emrakul
emn	Borrowed Malevolence
emn	Cemetery Recruitment
emn	Certain Death
emn	Collective Brutality
emn	Cryptbreaker
emn	Dark Salvation
emn	Dusk Feaster
emn	Gavony Unhallowed
emn	Graf Harvest
emn	Graf Rats
emn	Haunted Dead
emn	Liliana, the Last Hope
emn	Liliana's Elite
emn	Markov Crusader
emn	Midnight Scavengers
emn	Chittering Host
emn	Murder
emn	Noosegraf Mob
emn	Oath of Liliana
emn	Olivia's Dragoon
emn	Prying Questions
emn	Rise from the Grave
emn	Ruthless Disposal
emn	Skirsdag Supplicant
emn	Strange Augmentation
emn	Stromkirk Condemned
emn	Succumb to Temptation
emn	Thraben Foulbloods
emn	Tree of Perdition
emn	Vampire Cutthroat
emn	Voldaren Pariah
emn	Abolisher of Bloodlines
emn	Wailing Ghoul
emn	Weirded Vampire
emn	Whispers of Emrakul
emn	Abandon Reason
emn	Alchemist's Greeting
emn	Assembled Alphas
emn	Bedlam Reveler
emn	Blood Mist
emn	Bold Impaler
emn	Borrowed Hostility
emn	Brazen Wolves
emn	Collective Defiance
emn	Conduit of Storms
emn	Conduit of Emrakul
emn	Deranged Whelp
emn	Distemper of the Blood
emn	Falkenrath Reaver
emn	Furyblade Vampire
emn	Galvanic Bombardment
emn	Hanweir Garrison
emn	Hanweir, the Writhing Township
emn	Harmless Offering
emn	Impetuous Devils
emn	Incendiary Flow
emn	Insatiable Gorgers
emn	Make Mischief
emn	Mirrorwing Dragon
emn	Nahiri's Wrath
emn	Otherworldly Outburst
emn	Prophetic Ravings
emn	Savage Alliance
emn	Shreds of Sanity
emn	Smoldering Werewolf
emn	Erupting Dreadwolf
emn	Spreading Flames
emn	Stensia Banquet
emn	Stensia Innkeeper
emn	Stromkirk Occultist
emn	Thermo-Alchemist
emn	Vildin-Pack Outcast
emn	Dronepack Kindred
emn	Weaver of Lightning
emn	Backwoods Survivalists
emn	Bloodbriar
emn	Clear Shot
emn	Crop Sigil
emn	Crossroads Consecrator
emn	Eldritch Evolution
emn	Emrakul's Evangel
emn	Emrakul's Influence
emn	Foul Emissary
emn	Gnarlwood Dryad
emn	Grapple with the Past
emn	Hamlet Captain
emn	Ishkanah, Grafwidow
emn	Kessig Prowler
emn	Sinuous Predator
emn	Noose Constrictor
emn	Permeating Mass
emn	Prey Upon
emn	Primal Druid
emn	Shrill Howler
emn	Howling Chorus
emn	Somberwald Stag
emn	Spirit of the Hunt
emn	Splendid Reclamation
emn	Springsage Ritual
emn	Swift Spinner
emn	Tangleclaw Werewolf
emn	Fibrous Entangler
emn	Ulvenwald Captive
emn	Ulvenwald Abomination
emn	Ulvenwald Observer
emn	Waxing Moon
emn	Wolfkin Bond
emn	Woodcutter's Grit
emn	Woodland Patrol
emn	Bloodhall Priest
emn	Campaign of Vengeance
emn	Gisa and Geralf
emn	Grim Flayer
emn	Heron's Grace Champion
emn	Mercurial Geists
emn	Mournwillow
emn	Ride Down
emn	Spell Queller
emn	Tamiyo, Field Researcher
emn	Ulrich of the Krallenhorde
emn	Ulrich, Uncontested Alpha
emn	Cathar's Shield
emn	Cryptolith Fragment
emn	Aurora of Emrakul
emn	Cultist's Staff
emn	Field Creeper
emn	Geist-Fueled Scarecrow
emn	Lupine Prototype
emn	Slayer's Cleaver
emn	Soul Separator
emn	Stitcher's Graft
emn	Terrarion
emn	Thirsting Axe
emn	Geier Reach Sanitarium
emn	Hanweir Battlements
emn	Nephalia Academy
kld	Acrobatic Maneuver
kld	Aerial Responder
kld	Aetherstorm Roc
kld	Angel of Invention
kld	Authority of the Consuls
kld	Aviary Mechanic
kld	Built to Last
kld	Captured by the Consulate
kld	Cataclysmic Gearhulk
kld	Consulate Surveillance
kld	Consul's Shieldguard
kld	Eddytrail Hawk
kld	Fairgrounds Warden
kld	Fragmentize
kld	Fumigate
kld	Gearshift Ace
kld	Glint-Sleeve Artisan
kld	Herald of the Fair
kld	Impeccable Timing
kld	Inspired Charge
kld	Master Trinketeer
kld	Ninth Bridge Patrol
kld	Pressure Point
kld	Propeller Pioneer
kld	Refurbish
kld	Revoke Privileges
kld	Servo Exhibition
kld	Skyswirl Harrier
kld	Skywhaler's Shot
kld	Tasseled Dromedary
kld	Thriving Ibex
kld	Toolcraft Exemplar
kld	Trusty Companion
kld	Visionary Augmenter
kld	Wispweaver Angel
kld	Aether Meltdown
kld	Aether Theorist
kld	Aether Tradewinds
kld	Aethersquall Ancient
kld	Ceremonious Rejection
kld	Confiscation Coup
kld	Curio Vendor
kld	Disappearing Act
kld	Dramatic Reversal
kld	Era of Innovation
kld	Experimental Aviator
kld	Failed Inspection
kld	Gearseeker Serpent
kld	Glimmer of Genius
kld	Glint-Nest Crane
kld	Hightide Hermit
kld	Insidious Will
kld	Janjeet Sentry
kld	Long-Finned Skywhale
kld	Malfunction
kld	Metallurgic Summonings
kld	Minister of Inquiries
kld	Nimble Innovator
kld	Padeem, Consul of Innovation
kld	Paradoxical Outcome
kld	Revolutionary Rebuff
kld	Saheeli's Artistry
kld	Select for Inspection
kld	Shrewd Negotiation
kld	Tezzeret's Ambition
kld	Thriving Turtle
kld	Torrential Gearhulk
kld	Vedalken Blademaster
kld	Weldfast Wingsmith
kld	Wind Drake
kld	Aetherborn Marauder
kld	Ambitious Aetherborn
kld	Demon of Dark Schemes
kld	Dhund Operative
kld	Diabolic Tutor
kld	Die Young
kld	Dukhara Scavenger
kld	Eliminate the Competition
kld	Embraal Bruiser
kld	Essence Extraction
kld	Fortuitous Find
kld	Foundry Screecher
kld	Fretwork Colony
kld	Gonti, Lord of Luxury
kld	Harsh Scrutiny
kld	Lawless Broker
kld	Live Fast
kld	Lost Legacy
kld	Make Obsolete
kld	Marionette Master
kld	Maulfist Squad
kld	Midnight Oil
kld	Mind Rot
kld	Morbid Curiosity
kld	Night Market Lookout
kld	Noxious Gearhulk
kld	Ovalchase Daredevil
kld	Prakhata Club Security
kld	Rush of Vitality
kld	Subtle Strike
kld	Syndicate Trafficker
kld	Thriving Rats
kld	Tidy Conclusion
kld	Underhanded Designs
kld	Weaponcraft Enthusiast
kld	Aethertorch Renegade
kld	Brazen Scourge
kld	Built to Smash
kld	Cathartic Reunion
kld	Chandra, Torch of Defiance
kld	Chandra's Pyrohelix
kld	Combustible Gearhulk
kld	Demolish
kld	Fateful Showdown
kld	Furious Reprisal
kld	Giant Spectacle
kld	Harnessed Lightning
kld	Hijack
kld	Incendiary Sabotage
kld	Inventor's Apprentice
kld	Lathnu Hellion
kld	Madcap Experiment
kld	Maulfist Doorbuster
kld	Pia Nalaar
kld	Quicksmith Genius
kld	Reckless Fireweaver
kld	Renegade Tactics
kld	Ruinous Gremlin
kld	Salivating Gremlins
kld	Skyship Stalker
kld	Spark of Creativity
kld	Speedway Fanatic
kld	Spireside Infiltrator
kld	Spontaneous Artist
kld	Start Your Engines
kld	Territorial Gorger
kld	Terror of the Fairgrounds
kld	Thriving Grubs
kld	Wayward Giant
kld	Welding Sparks
kld	Appetite for the Unnatural
kld	Arborback Stomper
kld	Architect of the Untamed
kld	Armorcraft Judge
kld	Attune with Aether
kld	Blossoming Defense
kld	Bristling Hydra
kld	Commencement of Festivities
kld	Cowl Prowler
kld	Creeping Mold
kld	Cultivator of Blades
kld	Dubious Challenge
kld	Durable Handicraft
kld	Elegant Edgecrafters
kld	Fairgrounds Trumpeter
kld	Ghirapur Guide
kld	Highspire Artisan
kld	Hunt the Weak
kld	Kujar Seedsculptor
kld	Larger Than Life
kld	Longtusk Cub
kld	Nature's Way
kld	Nissa, Vital Force
kld	Ornamental Courage
kld	Oviya Pashiri, Sage Lifecrafter
kld	Peema Outrider
kld	Riparian Tiger
kld	Sage of Shaila's Claim
kld	Servant of the Conduit
kld	Take Down
kld	Thriving Rhino
kld	Verdurous Gearhulk
kld	Wild Wanderer
kld	Wildest Dreams
kld	Wily Bandar
kld	Cloudblazer
kld	Contraband Kingpin
kld	Depala, Pilot Exemplar
kld	Dovin Baan
kld	Empyreal Voyager
kld	Engineered Might
kld	Hazardous Conditions
kld	Kambal, Consul of Allocation
kld	Rashmi, Eternities Crafter
kld	Restoration Gearsmith
kld	Saheeli Rai
kld	Unlicensed Disintegration
kld	Veteran Motorist
kld	Voltaic Brawler
kld	Whirler Virtuoso
kld	Accomplished Automaton
kld	Aetherflux Reservoir
kld	Aetherworks Marvel
kld	Animation Module
kld	Aradara Express
kld	Ballista Charger
kld	Bastion Mastodon
kld	Bomat Bazaar Barge
kld	Bomat Courier
kld	Chief of the Foundry
kld	Cogworker's Puzzleknot
kld	Consulate Skygate
kld	Cultivator's Caravan
kld	Deadlock Trap
kld	Decoction Module
kld	Demolition Stomper
kld	Dukhara Peafowl
kld	Dynavolt Tower
kld	Eager Construct
kld	Electrostatic Pummeler
kld	Fabrication Module
kld	Filigree Familiar
kld	Fireforger's Puzzleknot
kld	Fleetwheel Cruiser
kld	Foundry Inspector
kld	Ghirapur Orrery
kld	Glassblower's Puzzleknot
kld	Inventor's Goggles
kld	Iron League Steed
kld	Key to the City
kld	Metalspinner's Puzzleknot
kld	Metalwork Colossus
kld	Multiform Wonder
kld	Narnam Cobra
kld	Ovalchase Dragster
kld	Panharmonicon
kld	Perpetual Timepiece
kld	Prakhata Pillar-Bug
kld	Prophetic Prism
kld	Renegade Freighter
kld	Scrapheap Scrounger
kld	Self-Assembler
kld	Sky Skiff
kld	Skysovereign, Consul Flagship
kld	Smuggler's Copter
kld	Snare Thopter
kld	Torch Gauntlet
kld	Weldfast Monitor
kld	Whirlermaker
kld	Woodweaver's Puzzleknot
kld	Workshop Assistant
kld	Aether Hub
kld	Blooming Marsh
kld	Botanical Sanctum
kld	Concealed Courtyard
kld	Inspiring Vantage
kld	Inventors' Fair
kld	Sequestered Stash
kld	Spirebluff Canal
kld	Plains
kld	Plains
kld	Plains
kld	Island
kld	Island
kld	Island
kld	Swamp
kld	Swamp
kld	Swamp
kld	Mountain
kld	Mountain
kld	Mountain
kld	Forest
kld	Forest
kld	Forest
kld	Chandra, Pyrogenius
kld	Flame Lash
kld	Liberating Combustion
kld	Renegade Firebrand
kld	Stone Quarry
kld	Nissa, Nature's Artisan
kld	Guardian of the Great Conduit
kld	Terrain Elemental
kld	Verdant Crescendo
kld	Woodland Stream
mps	Cataclysmic Gearhulk
mps	Combustible Gearhulk
mps	Noxious Gearhulk
mps	Torrential Gearhulk
mps	Verdurous Gearhulk
mps	Aether Vial
mps	Champion's Helm
mps	Chromatic Lantern
mps	Chrome Mox
mps	Cloudstone Curio
mps	Crucible of Worlds
mps	Gauntlet of Power
mps	Hangarback Walker
mps	Lightning Greaves
mps	Lotus Petal
mps	Mana Crypt
mps	Mana Vault
mps	Mind's Eye
mps	Mox Opal
mps	Painter's Servant
mps	Rings of Brighthearth
mps	Scroll Rack
mps	Sculpting Steel
mps	Sol Ring
mps	Solemn Simulacrum
mps	Static Orb
mps	Steel Overseer
mps	Sword of Feast and Famine
mps	Sword of Fire and Ice
mps	Sword of Light and Shadow
mps	Arcbound Ravager
mps	Black Vise
mps	Chalice of the Void
mps	Defense Grid
mps	Duplicant
mps	Engineered Explosives
mps	Ensnaring Bridge
mps	Extraplanar Lens
mps	Grindstone
mps	Meekstone
mps	Oblivion Stone
mps	Ornithopter
mps	Paradox Engine
mps	Pithing Needle
mps	Planar Bridge
mps	Platinum Angel
mps	Sphere of Resistance
mps	Staff of Domination
mps	Sundering Titan
mps	Sword of Body and Mind
mps	Sword of War and Peace
mps	Trinisphere
mps	Vedalken Shackles
mps	Wurmcoil Engine
c16	Duelist's Heritage
c16	Entrapment Maneuver
c16	Orzhov Advokist
c16	Selfless Squire
c16	Sublime Exhalation
c16	Coastal Breach
c16	Deepglow Skate
c16	Faerie Artisans
c16	Grip of Phyresis
c16	Manifold Insights
c16	Cruel Entertainment
c16	Curse of Vengeance
c16	Curtains' Call
c16	Magus of the Will
c16	Parting Thoughts
c16	Charging Cinderhorn
c16	Divergent Transformations
c16	Frenzied Fugue
c16	Goblin Spymaster
c16	Runehorn Hellkite
c16	Benefactor's Draught
c16	Evolutionary Escalation
c16	Primeval Protector
c16	Seeds of Renewal
c16	Stonehoof Chieftain
c16	Akiri, Line-Slinger
c16	Ancient Excavation
c16	Atraxa, Praetors' Voice
c16	Breya, Etherium Shaper
c16	Bruse Tarl, Boorish Herder
c16	Grave Upheaval
c16	Ikra Shidiqi, the Usurper
c16	Ishai, Ojutai Dragonspeaker
c16	Kraum, Ludevic's Opus
c16	Kydele, Chosen of Kruphix
c16	Kynaios and Tiro of Meletis
c16	Ludevic, Necro-Alchemist
c16	Migratory Route
c16	Ravos, Soultender
c16	Reyhan, Last of the Abzan
c16	Saskia the Unyielding
c16	Sidar Kondo of Jamuraa
c16	Silas Renn, Seeker Adept
c16	Sylvan Reclamation
c16	Tana, the Bloodsower
c16	Thrasios, Triton Hero
c16	Treacherous Terrain
c16	Tymna the Weaver
c16	Vial Smasher the Fierce
c16	Yidris, Maelstrom Wielder
c16	Armory Automaton
c16	Boompile
c16	Conqueror's Flail
c16	Crystalline Crawler
c16	Prismatic Geoscope
c16	Ash Barrens
c16	Abzan Falconer
c16	Blazing Archon
c16	Blind Obedience
c16	Brave the Sands
c16	Cathars' Crusade
c16	Citadel Siege
c16	Custodi Soulbinders
c16	Dispeller's Capsule
c16	Elite Scaleguard
c16	Ghostly Prison
c16	Hoofprints of the Stag
c16	Hushwing Gryff
c16	Mentor of the Meek
c16	Mirror Entity
c16	Oblation
c16	Open the Vaults
c16	Phyrexian Rebirth
c16	Reveillark
c16	Reverse the Sands
c16	Sanctum Gargoyle
c16	Sphere of Safety
c16	Swords to Plowshares
c16	Wave of Reckoning
c16	Windborn Muse
c16	Academy Elite
c16	Aeon Chronicler
c16	Arcane Denial
c16	Chain of Vapor
c16	Chasm Skulker
c16	Chief Engineer
c16	Devastation Tide
c16	Disdainful Stroke
c16	Etherium Sculptor
c16	Ethersworn Adjudicator
c16	Evacuation
c16	Master of Etherium
c16	Minds Aglow
c16	Propaganda
c16	Read the Runes
c16	Reins of Power
c16	Spelltwine
c16	Swan Song
c16	Tezzeret's Gambit
c16	Thrummingbird
c16	Treasure Cruise
c16	Trinket Mage
c16	Vedalken Engineer
c16	Windfall
c16	Army of the Damned
c16	Bane of the Living
c16	Beacon of Unrest
c16	Brutal Hordechief
c16	Executioner's Capsule
c16	Festercreep
c16	Ghastly Conscription
c16	Guiltfeeder
c16	In Garruk's Wake
c16	Languish
c16	Necroplasm
c16	Sangromancer
c16	Waste Not
c16	Wight of Precinct Six
c16	Alesha, Who Smiles at Death
c16	Blasphemous Act
c16	Breath of Fury
c16	Chaos Warp
c16	Daretti, Scrap Savant
c16	Dragon Mage
c16	Godo, Bandit Warlord
c16	Grab the Reins
c16	Hellkite Igniter
c16	Hellkite Tyrant
c16	Humble Defector
c16	Kazuul, Tyrant of the Cliffs
c16	Past in Flames
c16	Reforge the Soul
c16	Slobad, Goblin Tinkerer
c16	Stalking Vengeance
c16	Taurean Mauler
c16	Trash for Treasure
c16	Volcanic Vision
c16	Wheel of Fate
c16	Whims of the Fates
c16	Whipflare
c16	Beast Within
c16	Beastmaster Ascension
c16	Burgeoning
c16	Champion of Lambholt
c16	Collective Voyage
c16	Cultivate
c16	Den Protector
c16	Far Wanderings
c16	Farseek
c16	Forgotten Ancient
c16	Gamekeeper
c16	Hardened Scales
c16	Inspiring Call
c16	Kalonian Hydra
c16	Kodama's Reach
c16	Lurking Predators
c16	Managorger Hydra
c16	Mycoloth
c16	Oath of Druids
c16	Quirion Explorer
c16	Rampant Growth
c16	Realm Seekers
c16	Rites of Flourishing
c16	Sakura-Tribe Elder
c16	Satyr Wayfinder
c16	Scavenging Ooze
c16	Shamanic Revelation
c16	Solidarity of Heroes
c16	Sylvok Explorer
c16	Tempt with Discovery
c16	Thelonite Hermit
c16	Thunderfoot Baloth
c16	Tuskguard Captain
c16	Veteran Explorer
c16	Wall of Blossoms
c16	Wild Beastmaster
c16	Abzan Charm
c16	Ankle Shanker
c16	Artifact Mutation
c16	Aura Mutation
c16	Baleful Strix
c16	Bituminous Blast
c16	Blood Tyrant
c16	Bloodbraid Elf
c16	Boros Charm
c16	Bred for the Hunt
c16	Clan Defiance
c16	Coiling Oracle
c16	Consuming Aberration
c16	Corpsejack Menace
c16	Crackling Doom
c16	Dauntless Escort
c16	Decimate
c16	Duneblast
c16	Edric, Spymaster of Trest
c16	Enduring Scalelord
c16	Etherium-Horn Sorcerer
c16	Fathom Mage
c16	Filigree Angel
c16	Ghave, Guru of Spores
c16	Glint-Eye Nephilim
c16	Gwafa Hazid, Profiteer
c16	Hanna, Ship's Navigator
c16	Horizon Chimera
c16	Iroas, God of Victory
c16	Jor Kadeen, the Prevailer
c16	Juniper Order Ranger
c16	Korozda Guildmage
c16	Lavalanche
c16	Master Biomancer
c16	Merciless Eviction
c16	Mortify
c16	Nath of the Gilt-Leaf
c16	Naya Charm
c16	Necrogenesis
c16	Progenitor Mimic
c16	Putrefy
c16	Rakdos Charm
c16	Rubblehulk
c16	Selvala, Explorer Returned
c16	Sharuum the Hegemon
c16	Spellheart Chimera
c16	Sphinx Summoner
c16	Sydri, Galvanic Genius
c16	Terminate
c16	Utter End
c16	Vorel of the Hull Clade
c16	Vulturous Zombie
c16	Whispering Madness
c16	Wilderness Elemental
c16	Zedruu the Greathearted
c16	Zhur-Taa Druid
c16	Everlasting Torment
c16	Mirrorweave
c16	Selesnya Guildmage
c16	Spitting Image
c16	Thopter Foundry
c16	Worm Harvest
c16	Trial
c16	Error
c16	Order
c16	Chaos
c16	Akroan Horse
c16	Assault Suit
c16	Astral Cornucopia
c16	Blinkmoth Urn
c16	Bonehoard
c16	Cauldron of Souls
c16	Chromatic Lantern
c16	Commander's Sphere
c16	Cranial Plating
c16	Darksteel Ingot
c16	Empyrial Plate
c16	Etched Oracle
c16	Everflowing Chalice
c16	Fellwar Stone
c16	Golgari Signet
c16	Gruul Signet
c16	Howling Mine
c16	Ichor Wellspring
c16	Keening Stone
c16	Lightning Greaves
c16	Loxodon Warhammer
c16	Mycosynth Wellspring
c16	Myr Battlesphere
c16	Myr Retriever
c16	Nevinyrral's Disk
c16	Orzhov Signet
c16	Psychosis Crawler
c16	Rakdos Signet
c16	Shimmer Myr
c16	Simic Signet
c16	Skullclamp
c16	Sol Ring
c16	Solemn Simulacrum
c16	Soul of New Phyrexia
c16	Sunforger
c16	Swiftfoot Boots
c16	Temple Bell
c16	Trading Post
c16	Venser's Journal
c16	Whispersilk Cloak
c16	Arcane Sanctum
c16	Azorius Chancery
c16	Boros Garrison
c16	Buried Ruin
c16	Caves of Koilos
c16	Command Tower
c16	Crumbling Necropolis
c16	Darksteel Citadel
c16	Darkwater Catacombs
c16	Dimir Aqueduct
c16	Dismal Backwater
c16	Dragonskull Summit
c16	Dreadship Reef
c16	Evolving Wilds
c16	Exotic Orchard
c16	Forbidden Orchard
c16	Frontier Bivouac
c16	Golgari Rot Farm
c16	Grand Coliseum
c16	Gruul Turf
c16	Homeward Path
c16	Izzet Boilerworks
c16	Jungle Hollow
c16	Jungle Shrine
c16	Karplusan Forest
c16	Krosan Verge
c16	Mosswort Bridge
c16	Murmuring Bosk
c16	Myriad Landscape
c16	Mystic Monastery
c16	Nomad Outpost
c16	Opal Palace
c16	Opulent Palace
c16	Orzhov Basilica
c16	Rakdos Carnarium
c16	Reliquary Tower
c16	Rootbound Crag
c16	Rugged Highlands
c16	Rupture Spire
c16	Sandsteppe Citadel
c16	Savage Lands
c16	Seaside Citadel
c16	Seat of the Synod
c16	Selesnya Sanctuary
c16	Shadowblood Ridge
c16	Simic Growth Chamber
c16	Spinerock Knoll
c16	Sungrass Prairie
c16	Sunpetal Grove
c16	Swiftwater Cliffs
c16	Temple of the False God
c16	Terramorphic Expanse
c16	Thornwood Falls
c16	Transguild Promenade
c16	Underground River
c16	Windbrisk Heights
c16	Plains
c16	Plains
c16	Plains
c16	Island
c16	Island
c16	Island
c16	Swamp
c16	Swamp
c16	Swamp
c16	Mountain
c16	Mountain
c16	Mountain
c16	Forest
c16	Forest
c16	Forest
aer	Aerial Modification
aer	Aeronaut Admiral
aer	Aether Inspector
aer	Aethergeode Miner
aer	Airdrop Aeronauts
aer	Alley Evasion
aer	Audacious Infiltrator
aer	Bastion Enforcer
aer	Call for Unity
aer	Caught in the Brights
aer	Consulate Crackdown
aer	Conviction
aer	Countless Gears Renegade
aer	Dawnfeather Eagle
aer	Deadeye Harpooner
aer	Decommission
aer	Deft Dismissal
aer	Exquisite Archangel
aer	Felidar Guardian
aer	Ghirapur Osprey
aer	Restoration Specialist
aer	Solemn Recruit
aer	Sram, Senior Edificer
aer	Sram's Expertise
aer	Thopter Arrest
aer	Aether Swooper
aer	Aethertide Whale
aer	Baral, Chief of Compliance
aer	Baral's Expertise
aer	Bastion Inventor
aer	Disallow
aer	Dispersal Technician
aer	Efficient Construction
aer	Hinterland Drake
aer	Ice Over
aer	Illusionist's Stratagem
aer	Leave in the Dust
aer	Mechanized Production
aer	Metallic Rebuke
aer	Negate
aer	Quicksmith Spy
aer	Reverse Engineer
aer	Salvage Scuttler
aer	Shielded Aether Thief
aer	Shipwreck Moray
aer	Skyship Plunderer
aer	Take into Custody
aer	Trophy Mage
aer	Whir of Invention
aer	Wind-Kin Raiders
aer	Aether Poisoner
aer	Alley Strangler
aer	Battle at the Bridge
aer	Cruel Finality
aer	Daring Demolition
aer	Defiant Salvager
aer	Fatal Push
aer	Fen Hauler
aer	Foundry Hornet
aer	Fourth Bridge Prowler
aer	Gifted Aetherborn
aer	Glint-Sleeve Siphoner
aer	Gonti's Machinations
aer	Herald of Anguish
aer	Ironclad Revolutionary
aer	Midnight Entourage
aer	Night Market Aeronaut
aer	Perilous Predicament
aer	Renegade's Getaway
aer	Resourceful Return
aer	Secret Salvage
aer	Sly Requisitioner
aer	Vengeful Rebel
aer	Yahenni, Undying Partisan
aer	Yahenni's Expertise
aer	Aether Chaser
aer	Chandra's Revolution
aer	Destructive Tampering
aer	Embraal Gear-Smasher
aer	Enraged Giant
aer	Freejam Regent
aer	Frontline Rebel
aer	Gremlin Infestation
aer	Hungry Flames
aer	Indomitable Creativity
aer	Invigorated Rampage
aer	Kari Zev, Skyship Raider
aer	Kari Zev's Expertise
aer	Lathnu Sailback
aer	Lightning Runner
aer	Pia's Revolution
aer	Precise Strike
aer	Quicksmith Rebel
aer	Ravenous Intruder
aer	Reckless Racer
aer	Release the Gremlins
aer	Scrapper Champion
aer	Shock
aer	Siege Modification
aer	Sweatworks Brawler
aer	Wrangle
aer	Aether Herder
aer	Aetherstream Leopard
aer	Aetherwind Basker
aer	Aid from the Cowl
aer	Druid of the Cowl
aer	Greenbelt Rampager
aer	Greenwheel Liberator
aer	Heroic Intervention
aer	Hidden Herbalists
aer	Highspire Infusion
aer	Lifecraft Awakening
aer	Lifecraft Cavalry
aer	Lifecrafter's Gift
aer	Maulfist Revolutionary
aer	Monstrous Onslaught
aer	Narnam Renegade
aer	Natural Obsolescence
aer	Peema Aether-Seer
aer	Prey Upon
aer	Ridgescale Tusker
aer	Rishkar, Peema Renegade
aer	Rishkar's Expertise
aer	Scrounging Bandar
aer	Silkweaver Elite
aer	Unbridled Growth
aer	Ajani Unyielding
aer	Dark Intimations
aer	Hidden Stockpile
aer	Maverick Thopterist
aer	Oath of Ajani
aer	Outland Boar
aer	Renegade Rallier
aer	Renegade Wheelsmith
aer	Rogue Refiner
aer	Spire Patrol
aer	Tezzeret the Schemer
aer	Tezzeret's Touch
aer	Weldfast Engineer
aer	Winding Constrictor
aer	Aegis Automaton
aer	Aethersphere Harvester
aer	Augmenting Automaton
aer	Barricade Breaker
aer	Cogwork Assembler
aer	Consulate Dreadnought
aer	Consulate Turret
aer	Crackdown Construct
aer	Daredevil Dragster
aer	Filigree Crawler
aer	Foundry Assembler
aer	Gonti's Aether Heart
aer	Heart of Kiran
aer	Hope of Ghirapur
aer	Implement of Combustion
aer	Implement of Examination
aer	Implement of Ferocity
aer	Implement of Improvement
aer	Implement of Malice
aer	Inspiring Statuary
aer	Irontread Crusher
aer	Lifecrafter's Bestiary
aer	Merchant's Dockhand
aer	Metallic Mimic
aer	Mobile Garrison
aer	Night Market Guard
aer	Ornithopter
aer	Pacification Array
aer	Paradox Engine
aer	Peacewalker Colossus
aer	Planar Bridge
aer	Prizefighter Construct
aer	Renegade Map
aer	Reservoir Walker
aer	Scrap Trawler
aer	Servo Schematic
aer	Treasure Keeper
aer	Universal Solvent
aer	Untethered Express
aer	Verdant Automaton
aer	Walking Ballista
aer	Watchful Automaton
aer	Welder Automaton
aer	Spire of Industry
aer	Ajani, Valiant Protector
aer	Inspiring Roar
aer	Ajani's Comrade
aer	Ajani's Aid
aer	Tranquil Expanse
aer	Tezzeret, Master of Metal
aer	Tezzeret's Betrayal
aer	Pendulum of Patterns
aer	Tezzeret's Simulacrum
aer	Submerged Boneyard
mm3	Attended Knight
mm3	Banishing Stroke
mm3	Blade Splicer
mm3	Entreat the Angels
mm3	Eyes in the Skies
mm3	Flickerwisp
mm3	Gideon's Lawkeeper
mm3	Graceful Reprieve
mm3	Intangible Virtue
mm3	Kor Hookmaster
mm3	Kor Skyfisher
mm3	Lingering Souls
mm3	Linvala, Keeper of Silence
mm3	Lone Missionary
mm3	Master Splicer
mm3	Momentary Blink
mm3	Path to Exile
mm3	Pitfall Trap
mm3	Ranger of Eos
mm3	Restoration Angel
mm3	Rootborn Defenses
mm3	Séance
mm3	Sensor Splicer
mm3	Soul Warden
mm3	Stony Silence
mm3	Terminus
mm3	Urbis Protector
mm3	Wake the Reflections
mm3	Youthful Knight
mm3	Augur of Bolas
mm3	Azure Mage
mm3	Cackling Counterpart
mm3	Compulsive Research
mm3	Crippling Chill
mm3	Cyclonic Rift
mm3	Deadeye Navigator
mm3	Familiar's Ruse
mm3	Forbidden Alchemy
mm3	Ghostly Flicker
mm3	Gifts Ungiven
mm3	Grasp of Phantoms
mm3	Kraken Hatchling
mm3	Mist Raven
mm3	Mystical Teachings
mm3	Opportunity
mm3	Phantasmal Image
mm3	Rewind
mm3	Sea Gate Oracle
mm3	Serum Visions
mm3	Snapcaster Mage
mm3	Spell Pierce
mm3	Spire Monitor
mm3	Tandem Lookout
mm3	Temporal Mastery
mm3	Venser, Shaper Savant
mm3	Wall of Frost
mm3	Wing Splicer
mm3	Wingcrafter
mm3	Centaur Healer
mm3	Abyssal Specter
mm3	Bone Splinters
mm3	Corpse Connoisseur
mm3	Cower in Fear
mm3	Damnation
mm3	Death's Shadow
mm3	Delirium Skeins
mm3	Desecration Demon
mm3	Dregscape Zombie
mm3	Entomber Exarch
mm3	Extractor Demon
mm3	Falkenrath Noble
mm3	Gnawing Zombie
mm3	Griselbrand
mm3	Grisly Spectacle
mm3	Grixis Slavedriver
mm3	Inquisition of Kozilek
mm3	Liliana of the Veil
mm3	Mind Shatter
mm3	Mortician Beetle
mm3	Night Terrors
mm3	Ogre Jailbreaker
mm3	Pit Keeper
mm3	Recover
mm3	Seal of Doom
mm3	Sever the Bloodline
mm3	Unburial Rites
mm3	Vampire Aristocrat
mm3	Vampire Nighthawk
mm3	Ancient Grudge
mm3	Battle-Rattle Shaman
mm3	Blood Moon
mm3	Bonfire of the Damned
mm3	Chandra's Outrage
mm3	Dragon Fodder
mm3	Dynacharge
mm3	Goblin Assault
mm3	Goblin Guide
mm3	Hanweir Lancer
mm3	Hellrider
mm3	Madcap Skills
mm3	Magma Jet
mm3	Mizzium Mortars
mm3	Mogg Flunkies
mm3	Molten Rain
mm3	Mudbutton Torchrunner
mm3	Past in Flames
mm3	Pyrewild Shaman
mm3	Pyroclasm
mm3	Pyromancer Ascension
mm3	Rubblebelt Maaka
mm3	Scorched Rusalka
mm3	Scourge Devil
mm3	Skirsdag Cultist
mm3	Thunderous Wrath
mm3	Traitorous Instinct
mm3	Vithian Stinger
mm3	Zealous Conscripts
mm3	Arachnus Spinner
mm3	Arachnus Web
mm3	Avacyn's Pilgrim
mm3	Baloth Cage Trap
mm3	Call of the Herd
mm3	Craterhoof Behemoth
mm3	Death-Hood Cobra
mm3	Druid's Deliverance
mm3	Explore
mm3	Fists of Ironwood
mm3	Gaea's Anthem
mm3	Harmonize
mm3	Hungry Spriggan
mm3	Might of Old Krosa
mm3	Penumbra Spider
mm3	Primal Command
mm3	Revive
mm3	Scavenging Ooze
mm3	Seal of Primordium
mm3	Slaughterhorn
mm3	Slime Molding
mm3	Strength in Numbers
mm3	Summoning Trap
mm3	Sylvan Ranger
mm3	Tarmogoyf
mm3	Thornscape Battlemage
mm3	Thragtusk
mm3	Ulvenwald Tracker
mm3	Vital Splicer
mm3	Abrupt Decay
mm3	Advent of the Wurm
mm3	Aethermage's Touch
mm3	Agent of Masks
mm3	Agony Warp
mm3	Auger Spree
mm3	Bronzebeak Moa
mm3	Broodmate Dragon
mm3	Call of the Conclave
mm3	Carnage Gladiator
mm3	Coiling Oracle
mm3	Cruel Ultimatum
mm3	Deputy of Acquittals
mm3	Dinrova Horror
mm3	Domri Rade
mm3	Evil Twin
mm3	Falkenrath Aristocrat
mm3	Fiery Justice
mm3	Ghor-Clan Rampager
mm3	Goblin Electromancer
mm3	Golgari Germination
mm3	Golgari Rotwurm
mm3	Ground Assault
mm3	Gruul War Chant
mm3	Izzet Charm
mm3	Kathari Bomber
mm3	Moroii
mm3	Mystic Genesis
mm3	Niv-Mizzet, Dracogenius
mm3	Obzedat, Ghost Council
mm3	Olivia Voldaren
mm3	Pilfered Plans
mm3	Putrefy
mm3	Rhox War Monk
mm3	Sedraxis Specter
mm3	Simic Sky Swallower
mm3	Sin Collector
mm3	Skyknight Legionnaire
mm3	Soul Manipulation
mm3	Soul Ransom
mm3	Sphinx's Revelation
mm3	Spike Jester
mm3	Sprouting Thrinax
mm3	Stoic Angel
mm3	Sunhome Guildmage
mm3	Talon Trooper
mm3	Teleportal
mm3	Terminate
mm3	Thundersong Trumpeter
mm3	Tower Gargoyle
mm3	Unflinching Courage
mm3	Urban Evolution
mm3	Vanish into Memory
mm3	Voice of Resurgence
mm3	Wall of Denial
mm3	Wayfaring Temple
mm3	Woolly Thoctar
mm3	Zur the Enchanter
mm3	Aethertow
mm3	Boros Reckoner
mm3	Burning-Tree Emissary
mm3	Giantbaiting
mm3	Gift of Orzhova
mm3	Mistmeadow Witch
mm3	Sundering Growth
mm3	Tattermunge Witch
mm3	Torrent of Souls
mm3	Wort, the Raidmother
mm3	Azorius Signet
mm3	Basilisk Collar
mm3	Boros Signet
mm3	Damping Matrix
mm3	Dimir Signet
mm3	Golgari Signet
mm3	Grafdigger's Cage
mm3	Gruul Signet
mm3	Izzet Signet
mm3	Orzhov Signet
mm3	Rakdos Signet
mm3	Selesnya Signet
mm3	Simic Signet
mm3	Arcane Sanctum
mm3	Arid Mesa
mm3	Azorius Guildgate
mm3	Boros Guildgate
mm3	Cavern of Souls
mm3	Crumbling Necropolis
mm3	Dimir Guildgate
mm3	Golgari Guildgate
mm3	Gruul Guildgate
mm3	Izzet Guildgate
mm3	Jungle Shrine
mm3	Marsh Flats
mm3	Misty Rainforest
mm3	Orzhov Guildgate
mm3	Rakdos Guildgate
mm3	Savage Lands
mm3	Scalding Tarn
mm3	Seaside Citadel
mm3	Selesnya Guildgate
mm3	Shimmering Grotto
mm3	Simic Guildgate
mm3	Verdant Catacombs
akh	Angel of Sanctions
akh	Anointed Procession
akh	Anointer Priest
akh	Approach of the Second Sun
akh	Aven Mindcensor
akh	Binding Mummy
akh	Cartouche of Solidarity
akh	Cast Out
akh	Compulsory Rest
akh	Devoted Crop-Mate
akh	Djeru's Resolve
akh	Fan Bearer
akh	Forsake the Worldly
akh	Gideon of the Trials
akh	Gideon's Intervention
akh	Glory-Bound Initiate
akh	Gust Walker
akh	Impeccable Timing
akh	In Oketra's Name
akh	Mighty Leap
akh	Oketra the True
akh	Oketra's Attendant
akh	Protection of the Hekma
akh	Regal Caracal
akh	Renewed Faith
akh	Rhet-Crop Spearmaster
akh	Sacred Cat
akh	Seraph of the Suns
akh	Sparring Mummy
akh	Supply Caravan
akh	Tah-Crop Elite
akh	Those Who Serve
akh	Time to Reflect
akh	Trial of Solidarity
akh	Trueheart Duelist
akh	Unwavering Initiate
akh	Vizier of Deferment
akh	Vizier of Remedies
akh	Winged Shepherd
akh	Ancient Crab
akh	Angler Drake
akh	As Foretold
akh	Aven Initiate
akh	Cancel
akh	Cartouche of Knowledge
akh	Censor
akh	Compelling Argument
akh	Cryptic Serpent
akh	Curator of Mysteries
akh	Decision Paralysis
akh	Drake Haven
akh	Essence Scatter
akh	Floodwaters
akh	Galestrike
akh	Glyph Keeper
akh	Hekma Sentinels
akh	Hieroglyphic Illumination
akh	Illusory Wrappings
akh	Kefnet the Mindful
akh	Labyrinth Guardian
akh	Lay Claim
akh	Naga Oracle
akh	New Perspectives
akh	Open into Wonder
akh	Pull from Tomorrow
akh	River Serpent
akh	Sacred Excavation
akh	Scribe of the Mindful
akh	Seeker of Insight
akh	Shimmerscale Drake
akh	Slither Blade
akh	Tah-Crop Skirmisher
akh	Trial of Knowledge
akh	Vizier of Many Faces
akh	Vizier of Tumbling Sands
akh	Winds of Rebuke
akh	Zenith Seeker
akh	Archfiend of Ifnir
akh	Baleful Ammit
akh	Blighted Bat
akh	Bone Picker
akh	Bontu the Glorified
akh	Cartouche of Ambition
akh	Cruel Reality
akh	Cursed Minotaur
akh	Dispossess
akh	Doomed Dissenter
akh	Dread Wanderer
akh	Dune Beetle
akh	Faith of the Devoted
akh	Festering Mummy
akh	Final Reward
akh	Gravedigger
akh	Grim Strider
akh	Horror of the Broken Lands
akh	Lay Bare the Heart
akh	Liliana, Death's Majesty
akh	Liliana's Mastery
akh	Lord of the Accursed
akh	Miasmic Mummy
akh	Nest of Scarabs
akh	Painful Lesson
akh	Pitiless Vizier
akh	Plague Belcher
akh	Ruthless Sniper
akh	Scarab Feast
akh	Shadow of the Grave
akh	Soulstinger
akh	Splendid Agony
akh	Stir the Sands
akh	Supernatural Stamina
akh	Trespasser's Curse
akh	Trial of Ambition
akh	Unburden
akh	Wander in Death
akh	Wasteland Scorpion
akh	Ahn-Crop Crasher
akh	Battlefield Scavenger
akh	Blazing Volley
akh	Bloodlust Inciter
akh	Bloodrage Brawler
akh	Brute Strength
akh	By Force
akh	Cartouche of Zeal
akh	Combat Celebrant
akh	Consuming Fervor
akh	Deem Worthy
akh	Desert Cerodon
akh	Electrify
akh	Emberhorn Minotaur
akh	Flameblade Adept
akh	Fling
akh	Glorious End
akh	Glorybringer
akh	Harsh Mentor
akh	Hazoret the Fervent
akh	Hazoret's Favor
akh	Heart-Piercer Manticore
akh	Hyena Pack
akh	Limits of Solidarity
akh	Magma Spray
akh	Manticore of the Gauntlet
akh	Minotaur Sureshot
akh	Nef-Crop Entangler
akh	Nimble-Blade Khenra
akh	Pathmaker Initiate
akh	Pursue Glory
akh	Soul-Scar Mage
akh	Sweltering Suns
akh	Thresher Lizard
akh	Tormenting Voice
akh	Trial of Zeal
akh	Trueheart Twins
akh	Violent Impact
akh	Warfire Javelineer
akh	Benefaction of Rhonas
akh	Bitterblade Warrior
akh	Cartouche of Strength
akh	Champion of Rhonas
akh	Channeler Initiate
akh	Colossapede
akh	Crocodile of the Crossing
akh	Defiant Greatmaw
akh	Dissenter's Deliverance
akh	Exemplar of Strength
akh	Giant Spider
akh	Gift of Paradise
akh	Greater Sandwurm
akh	Hapatra's Mark
akh	Harvest Season
akh	Haze of Pollen
akh	Honored Hydra
akh	Hooded Brawler
akh	Initiate's Companion
akh	Manglehorn
akh	Naga Vitalist
akh	Oashra Cultivator
akh	Ornery Kudu
akh	Pouncing Cheetah
akh	Prowling Serpopard
akh	Quarry Hauler
akh	Rhonas the Indomitable
akh	Sandwurm Convergence
akh	Scaled Behemoth
akh	Shed Weakness
akh	Shefet Monitor
akh	Sixth Sense
akh	Spidery Grasp
akh	Stinging Shot
akh	Synchronized Strike
akh	Trial of Strength
akh	Vizier of the Menagerie
akh	Watchful Naga
akh	Ahn-Crop Champion
akh	Aven Wind Guide
akh	Bounty of the Luxa
akh	Decimator Beetle
akh	Enigma Drake
akh	Hapatra, Vizier of Poisons
akh	Honored Crop-Captain
akh	Khenra Charioteer
akh	Merciless Javelineer
akh	Neheb, the Worthy
akh	Nissa, Steward of Elements
akh	Samut, Voice of Dissent
akh	Shadowstorm Vizier
akh	Temmet, Vizier of Naktamun
akh	Wayward Servant
akh	Weaver of Currents
akh	Dusk
akh	Dawn
akh	Commit
akh	Memory
akh	Never
akh	Return
akh	Insult
akh	Injury
akh	Mouth
akh	Feed
akh	Start
akh	Finish
akh	Reduce
akh	Rubble
akh	Destined
akh	Lead
akh	Onward
akh	Victory
akh	Spring
akh	Mind
akh	Prepare
akh	Fight
akh	Failure
akh	Comply
akh	Rags
akh	Riches
akh	Cut
akh	Ribbons
akh	Heaven
akh	Earth
akh	Bontu's Monument
akh	Edifice of Authority
akh	Embalmer's Tools
akh	Gate to the Afterlife
akh	Hazoret's Monument
akh	Honed Khopesh
akh	Kefnet's Monument
akh	Luxa River Shrine
akh	Oketra's Monument
akh	Oracle's Vault
akh	Pyramid of the Pantheon
akh	Rhonas's Monument
akh	Throne of the God-Pharaoh
akh	Watchers of the Dead
akh	Canyon Slough
akh	Cascading Cataracts
akh	Cradle of the Accursed
akh	Evolving Wilds
akh	Fetid Pools
akh	Grasping Dunes
akh	Irrigated Farmland
akh	Painted Bluffs
akh	Scattered Groves
akh	Sheltered Thicket
akh	Sunscorched Desert
akh	Plains
akh	Island
akh	Swamp
akh	Mountain
akh	Forest
akh	Plains
akh	Plains
akh	Plains
akh	Island
akh	Island
akh	Island
akh	Swamp
akh	Swamp
akh	Swamp
akh	Mountain
akh	Mountain
akh	Mountain
akh	Forest
akh	Forest
akh	Forest
akh	Gideon, Martial Paragon
akh	Companion of the Trials
akh	Gideon's Resolve
akh	Graceful Cat
akh	Stone Quarry
akh	Liliana, Death Wielder
akh	Desiccated Naga
akh	Liliana's Influence
akh	Tattered Mummy
akh	Foul Orchard
w17	Divine Verdict
w17	Glory Seeker
w17	Serra Angel
w17	Standing Troops
w17	Stormfront Pegasus
w17	Victory's Herald
w17	Air Elemental
w17	Coral Merfolk
w17	Drag Under
w17	Inspiration
w17	Sleep Paralysis
w17	Sphinx of Magosi
w17	Stealer of Secrets
w17	Tricks of the Trade
w17	Bloodhunter Bat
w17	Certain Death
w17	Nightmare
w17	Raise Dead
w17	Sengir Vampire
w17	Untamed Hunger
w17	Falkenrath Reaver
w17	Shivan Dragon
w17	Thundering Giant
w17	Garruk's Horde
w17	Oakenform
w17	Rabid Bite
w17	Rootwalla
w17	Stalking Tiger
w17	Stampeding Rhino
w17	Wing Snare
cma	Aerie Mystics
cma	Akroma's Vengeance
cma	Angel of Finality
cma	Angelic Arbiter
cma	Archangel of Strife
cma	Bathe in Light
cma	Congregate
cma	Curse of the Forsaken
cma	Darksteel Mutation
cma	Darksteel Mutation
cma	Fiend Hunter
cma	Flickerform
cma	Flickerwisp
cma	Karmic Guide
cma	Kirtar's Wrath
cma	Lightkeeper of Emeria
cma	Mirror Entity
cma	Mother of Runes
cma	Orim's Thunder
cma	Path to Exile
cma	Return to Dust
cma	Righteous Cause
cma	Serra Angel
cma	Shattered Angel
cma	Soul Snare
cma	Stonecloaker
cma	Tempt with Glory
cma	Unexpectedly Absent
cma	Voice of All
cma	Vow of Duty
cma	Arcane Denial
cma	Azami, Lady of Scrolls
cma	Blue Sun's Zenith
cma	Borrowing 100,000 Arrows
cma	Control Magic
cma	Curse of Inertia
cma	Deceiver Exarch
cma	Diviner Spirit
cma	Djinn of Infinite Deceits
cma	Dungeon Geists
cma	Hada Spy Patrol
cma	Lu Xun, Scholar General
cma	Thornwind Faeries
cma	Wash Out
cma	Wonder
cma	Altar's Reap
cma	Ambition's Cost
cma	Banshee of the Dread Choir
cma	Barter in Blood
cma	Blood Bairn
cma	Butcher of Malakir
cma	Champion of Stray Souls
cma	Corpse Augur
cma	Diabolic Servitude
cma	Diabolic Tutor
cma	Dread Cacodemon
cma	Dread Summons
cma	Eater of Hope
cma	Evincar's Justice
cma	Extractor Demon
cma	Fallen Angel
cma	Phyrexian Plaguelord
cma	Phyrexian Rager
cma	Razorjaw Oni
cma	Reiver Demon
cma	Rise from the Grave
cma	Scourge of Nel Toth
cma	Sever the Bloodline
cma	Shriekmaw
cma	Syphon Flesh
cma	Syphon Mind
cma	Thief of Blood
cma	Victimize
cma	Vow of Malice
cma	Wretched Confluence
cma	Akroma, Angel of Fury
cma	Anger
cma	Avatar of Slaughter
cma	Cleansing Beam
cma	Comet Storm
cma	Death by Dragons
cma	Dragon Whelp
cma	Earthquake
cma	Furnace Whelp
cma	Mana-Charged Dragon
cma	Oni of Wild Places
cma	Pyrohemia
cma	Stranglehold
cma	Sulfurous Blast
cma	Vow of Lightning
cma	Acidic Slime
cma	Bane of Progress
cma	Beastmaster Ascension
cma	Bloodspore Thrinax
cma	Caller of the Pack
cma	Centaur Vinecrasher
cma	Cloudthresher
cma	Collective Unconscious
cma	Creeperhulk
cma	Curse of Predation
cma	Desert Twister
cma	Drove of Elves
cma	Elvish Archdruid
cma	Elvish Mystic
cma	Elvish Skysweeper
cma	Elvish Visionary
cma	Essence Warden
cma	Eternal Witness
cma	Ezuri, Renegade Leader
cma	Farhaven Elf
cma	Fresh Meat
cma	Freyalise, Llanowar's Fury
cma	Grave Sifter
cma	Great Oak Guardian
cma	Grim Flowering
cma	Harrow
cma	Hunting Triad
cma	Immaculate Magistrate
cma	Imperious Perfect
cma	Indrik Stomphowler
cma	Joraga Warcaller
cma	Kazandu Tuskcaller
cma	Kessig Cagebreakers
cma	Krosan Grip
cma	Lifeblood Hydra
cma	Llanowar Elves
cma	Lys Alana Huntmaster
cma	Masked Admirers
cma	Mulch
cma	Mycoloth
cma	Overrun
cma	Overwhelming Stampede
cma	Pathbreaker Ibex
cma	Phantom Nantuko
cma	Praetor's Counsel
cma	Presence of Gond
cma	Priest of Titania
cma	Primal Growth
cma	Primordial Sage
cma	Rampaging Baloths
cma	Reclamation Sage
cma	Restore
cma	Sakura-Tribe Elder
cma	Satyr Wayfinder
cma	Siege Behemoth
cma	Silklash Spider
cma	Skullwinder
cma	Song of the Dryads
cma	Soul of the Harvest
cma	Spider Spawning
cma	Sylvan Offering
cma	Sylvan Ranger
cma	Sylvan Safekeeper
cma	Terastodon
cma	Thornweald Archer
cma	Thunderfoot Baloth
cma	Timberwatch Elf
cma	Titania, Protector of Argoth
cma	Titania's Chosen
cma	Tornado Elemental
cma	Tribute to the Wild
cma	Verdant Force
cma	Viridian Emissary
cma	Viridian Zealot
cma	Wall of Blossoms
cma	Wave of Vitriol
cma	Wellwisher
cma	Whirlwind
cma	Wolfbriar Elemental
cma	Wolfcaller's Howl
cma	Wood Elves
cma	Wren's Run Packmaster
cma	Aethermage's Touch
cma	Angel of Despair
cma	Basandra, Battle Seraph
cma	Bladewing the Risen
cma	Derevi, Empyrial Tactician
cma	Golgari Charm
cma	Grisly Salvage
cma	Jarad, Golgari Lich Lord
cma	Kaalia of the Vast
cma	Korozda Guildmage
cma	Leafdrake Roost
cma	Lotleth Troll
cma	Malfegor
cma	Mazirek, Kraul Death Priest
cma	Meren of Clan Nel Toth
cma	Mortify
cma	Oros, the Avenger
cma	Putrefy
cma	Roon of the Hidden Realm
cma	Rubinia Soulsinger
cma	Selesnya Charm
cma	Skyward Eye Prophets
cma	Tariel, Reckoner of Souls
cma	Terminate
cma	Vulturous Zombie
cma	Winged Coatl
cma	Wrecking Ball
cma	Boros Guildmage
cma	Duergar Hedge-Mage
cma	Gwyllion Hedge-Mage
cma	Master Warcraft
cma	Mistmeadow Witch
cma	Murkfiend Liege
cma	Orzhov Guildmage
cma	Selesnya Guildmage
cma	Armillary Sphere
cma	Assault Suit
cma	Azorius Keyrune
cma	Basalt Monolith
cma	Bonehoard
cma	Boros Signet
cma	Commander's Sphere
cma	Conjurer's Closet
cma	Darksteel Ingot
cma	Eldrazi Monument
cma	Emerald Medallion
cma	Golgari Signet
cma	Leonin Bladetrap
cma	Lightning Greaves
cma	Loreseeker's Stone
cma	Moss Diamond
cma	Orzhov Signet
cma	Pilgrim's Eye
cma	Predator, Flagship
cma	Rakdos Signet
cma	Seer's Sundial
cma	Selesnya Signet
cma	Simic Signet
cma	Skullclamp
cma	Sol Ring
cma	Surveyor's Scope
cma	Swiftfoot Boots
cma	Sword of the Paruns
cma	Thought Vessel
cma	Thousand-Year Elixir
cma	Thunderstaff
cma	Akoum Refuge
cma	Azorius Chancery
cma	Azorius Guildgate
cma	Bant Panorama
cma	Barren Moor
cma	Bojuka Bog
cma	Boros Garrison
cma	Command Tower
cma	Crystal Vein
cma	Evolving Wilds
cma	Faerie Conclave
cma	Forgotten Cave
cma	Gargoyle Castle
cma	Ghost Quarter
cma	Golgari Guildgate
cma	Golgari Rot Farm
cma	Grim Backwoods
cma	Haunted Fengraf
cma	Havenwood Battleground
cma	High Market
cma	Jungle Basin
cma	Jungle Hollow
cma	Molten Slagheap
cma	Myriad Landscape
cma	Opal Palace
cma	Oran-Rief, the Vastwood
cma	Orzhov Basilica
cma	Polluted Mire
cma	Rakdos Carnarium
cma	Rupture Spire
cma	Saltcrusted Steppe
cma	Seaside Citadel
cma	Secluded Steppe
cma	Sejiri Refuge
cma	Selesnya Guildgate
cma	Selesnya Sanctuary
cma	Simic Guildgate
cma	Slippery Karst
cma	Tainted Wood
cma	Temple of the False God
cma	Terramorphic Expanse
cma	Tranquil Thicket
cma	Transguild Promenade
cma	Vivid Grove
cma	Vivid Marsh
cma	Vivid Meadow
cma	Zoetic Cavern
cma	Plains
cma	Plains
cma	Plains
cma	Plains
cma	Plains
cma	Plains
cma	Plains
cma	Plains
cma	Island
cma	Island
cma	Island
cma	Island
cma	Swamp
cma	Swamp
cma	Swamp
cma	Swamp
cma	Swamp
cma	Swamp
cma	Swamp
cma	Swamp
cma	Mountain
cma	Mountain
cma	Mountain
cma	Mountain
cma	Forest
cma	Forest
cma	Forest
cma	Forest
cma	Forest
cma	Forest
cma	Forest
cma	Forest
cma	Forest
cma	Forest
cma	Forest
cma	Forest
pca	Armored Griffin
pca	Auramancer
pca	Auratouched Mage
pca	Cage of Hands
pca	Celestial Ancient
pca	Felidar Umbra
pca	Ghostly Prison
pca	Hyena Umbra
pca	Kor Spiritdancer
pca	Mammoth Umbra
pca	Sigil of the Empty Throne
pca	Spirit Mantle
pca	Three Dreams
pca	Augury Owl
pca	Cancel
pca	Concentrate
pca	Guard Gomazoa
pca	Higure, the Still Wind
pca	Illusory Angel
pca	Mistblade Shinobi
pca	Ninja of the Deep Hours
pca	Peregrine Drake
pca	Primal Plasma
pca	Sakashima's Student
pca	See Beyond
pca	Sunken Hope
pca	Walker of Secret Ways
pca	Wall of Frost
pca	Whirlpool Warrior
pca	Assassinate
pca	Cadaver Imp
pca	Dark Hatchling
pca	Ink-Eyes, Servant of Oni
pca	Liliana's Specter
pca	Okiba-Gang Shinobi
pca	Skullsnatcher
pca	Throat Slitter
pca	Tormented Soul
pca	Arc Trail
pca	Beetleback Chief
pca	Erratic Explosion
pca	Fiery Conclusion
pca	Fiery Fall
pca	Fling
pca	Hellion Eruption
pca	Hissing Iguanar
pca	Mark of Mutiny
pca	Mass Mutiny
pca	Mudbutton Torchrunner
pca	Preyseizer Dragon
pca	Rivals' Duel
pca	Thorn-Thrash Viashino
pca	Thunder-Thrash Elder
pca	Warstorm Surge
pca	Aura Gnarlid
pca	Awakening Zone
pca	Beast Within
pca	Boar Umbra
pca	Bramble Elemental
pca	Brindle Shoat
pca	Brutalizer Exarch
pca	Cultivate
pca	Dowsing Shaman
pca	Dreampod Druid
pca	Gluttonous Slime
pca	Lumberknot
pca	Mitotic Slime
pca	Mycoloth
pca	Nest Invader
pca	Nullmage Advocate
pca	Ondu Giant
pca	Overrun
pca	Penumbra Spider
pca	Predatory Urge
pca	Quiet Disrepair
pca	Rancor
pca	Silhana Ledgewalker
pca	Snake Umbra
pca	Tukatongue Thallid
pca	Viridian Emissary
pca	Wall of Blossoms
pca	Baleful Strix
pca	Bituminous Blast
pca	Bloodbraid Elf
pca	Deny Reality
pca	Dimir Infiltrator
pca	Dragonlair Spider
pca	Elderwood Scion
pca	Enigma Sphinx
pca	Enlisted Wurm
pca	Etherium-Horn Sorcerer
pca	Fires of Yavimaya
pca	Fusion Elemental
pca	Glen Elendra Liege
pca	Hellkite Hatchling
pca	Indrik Umbra
pca	Inkfathom Witch
pca	Kathari Remnant
pca	Krond the Dawn-Clad
pca	Last Stand
pca	Maelstrom Wanderer
pca	Noggle Ransacker
pca	Pollenbright Wings
pca	Shardless Agent
pca	Silent-Blade Oni
pca	Thromok the Insatiable
pca	Vela the Night-Clad
pca	Armillary Sphere
pca	Farsight Mask
pca	Flayer Husk
pca	Fractured Powerstone
pca	Quietus Spike
pca	Sai of the Shinobi
pca	Thran Golem
pca	Whispersilk Cloak
pca	Dimir Aqueduct
pca	Exotic Orchard
pca	Graypelt Refuge
pca	Gruul Turf
pca	Jwar Isle Refuge
pca	Kazandu Refuge
pca	Khalni Garden
pca	Krosan Verge
pca	Rupture Spire
pca	Selesnya Sanctuary
pca	Shimmering Grotto
pca	Skarrg, the Rage Pits
pca	Tainted Isle
pca	Terramorphic Expanse
pca	Vitu-Ghazi, the City-Tree
pca	Vivid Creek
pca	Plains
pca	Plains
pca	Plains
pca	Plains
pca	Plains
pca	Island
pca	Island
pca	Island
pca	Island
pca	Island
pca	Swamp
pca	Swamp
pca	Swamp
pca	Swamp
pca	Swamp
pca	Mountain
pca	Mountain
pca	Mountain
pca	Mountain
pca	Mountain
pca	Forest
pca	Forest
pca	Forest
pca	Forest
pca	Forest
c17	Alms Collector
c17	Balan, Wandering Knight
c17	Curse of Vitality
c17	Fortunate Few
c17	Kindred Boon
c17	Scalelord Reckoner
c17	Stalking Leonin
c17	Teferi's Protection
c17	Curse of Verbosity
c17	Galecaster Colossus
c17	Kindred Discovery
c17	Magus of the Mind
c17	Portal Mage
c17	Bloodline Necromancer
c17	Boneyard Scourge
c17	Curse of Disturbance
c17	Kheru Mind-Eater
c17	Kindred Dominance
c17	New Blood
c17	Patron of the Vein
c17	Vindictive Lich
c17	Bloodsworn Steward
c17	Crimson Honor Guard
c17	Curse of Opulence
c17	Disrupt Decorum
c17	Izzet Chemister
c17	Kindred Charge
c17	Shifting Shadow
c17	Territorial Hellkite
c17	Curse of Bounty
c17	Hungry Lynx
c17	Kindred Summons
c17	Qasali Slingers
c17	Traverse the Outlands
c17	Arahbo, Roar of the World
c17	Edgar Markov
c17	Fractured Identity
c17	Inalla, Archmage Ritualist
c17	Kess, Dissident Mage
c17	Licia, Sanguine Tribune
c17	Mairsil, the Pretender
c17	Mathas, Fiend Seeker
c17	Mirri, Weatherlight Duelist
c17	Nazahn, Revered Bladesmith
c17	O-Kagachi, Vengeful Kami
c17	Taigam, Ojutai Master
c17	Taigam, Sidisi's Hand
c17	The Ur-Dragon
c17	Wasitora, Nekoru Queen
c17	Bloodforged Battle-Axe
c17	Hammer of Nazahn
c17	Heirloom Blade
c17	Herald's Horn
c17	Mirror of the Forebears
c17	Ramos, Dragon Engine
c17	Path of Ancestry
c17	Blind Obedience
c17	Condemn
c17	Divine Reckoning
c17	Fell the Mighty
c17	Jareth, Leonine Titan
c17	Jazal Goldmane
c17	Kemba, Kha Regent
c17	Leonin Arbiter
c17	Leonin Relic-Warder
c17	Leonin Shikari
c17	Orator of Ojutai
c17	Oreskos Explorer
c17	Raksha Golden Cub
c17	Return to Dust
c17	Rout
c17	Seht's Tiger
c17	Spirit of the Hearth
c17	Sunscorch Regent
c17	Sunspear Shikari
c17	Swords to Plowshares
c17	Taj-Nar Swordsmith
c17	White Sun's Zenith
c17	Wing Shards
c17	Arcanis the Omnipotent
c17	Archaeomancer
c17	Azami, Lady of Scrolls
c17	Body Double
c17	Clone Legion
c17	Harbinger of the Tides
c17	Into the Roil
c17	Merchant of Secrets
c17	Monastery Siege
c17	Opportunity
c17	Polymorphist's Jest
c17	Reality Shift
c17	Sea Gate Oracle
c17	Serendib Sorcerer
c17	Spelltwine
c17	Ambition's Cost
c17	Anowon, the Ruin Sage
c17	Apprentice Necromancer
c17	Black Market
c17	Blood Artist
c17	Blood Tribute
c17	Bloodhusk Ritualist
c17	Bloodlord of Vaasgoth
c17	Butcher of Malakir
c17	Captivating Vampire
c17	Consuming Vapors
c17	Corpse Augur
c17	Crux of Fate
c17	Damnable Pact
c17	Dark Impostor
c17	Deathbringer Regent
c17	Decree of Pain
c17	Drana, Kalastria Bloodchief
c17	Falkenrath Noble
c17	Go for the Throat
c17	Magus of the Abyss
c17	Malakir Bloodwitch
c17	Necromantic Selection
c17	Painful Truths
c17	Palace Siege
c17	Pawn of Ulamog
c17	Puppeteer Clique
c17	Read the Bones
c17	Sangromancer
c17	Sanguine Bond
c17	Skeletal Scrying
c17	Skeletal Vampire
c17	Syphon Mind
c17	Underworld Connections
c17	Vampire Nighthawk
c17	Vein Drinker
c17	Chaos Warp
c17	Comet Storm
c17	Crucible of Fire
c17	Dragon Tempest
c17	Dragonlord's Servant
c17	Dragonspeaker Shaman
c17	Earthquake
c17	Hellkite Charger
c17	Outpost Siege
c17	Rakish Heir
c17	Ryusei, the Falling Star
c17	Scourge of Valkas
c17	Tyrant's Familiar
c17	Utvara Hellkite
c17	Abundance
c17	Crushing Vines
c17	Cultivate
c17	Elemental Bond
c17	Farseek
c17	Frontier Siege
c17	Harmonize
c17	Hunter's Prowess
c17	Jedit Ojanen of Efrava
c17	Kodama's Reach
c17	Nissa's Pilgrimage
c17	Rain of Thorns
c17	Relic Crush
c17	Soul's Majesty
c17	Temur Sabertooth
c17	Zendikar Resurgent
c17	Atarka, World Render
c17	Behemoth Sledge
c17	Bladewing the Risen
c17	Blood Baron of Vizkopa
c17	Broodmate Dragon
c17	Cauldron Dance
c17	Crackling Doom
c17	Crosis, the Purger
c17	Crosis's Charm
c17	Dromoka, the Eternal
c17	Etherium-Horn Sorcerer
c17	Fleecemane Lion
c17	Havengul Lich
c17	Intet, the Dreamer
c17	Izzet Chronarch
c17	Kolaghan, the Storm's Fury
c17	Marchesa, the Black Rose
c17	Memory Plunder
c17	Merciless Eviction
c17	Mercurial Chemister
c17	Mirari's Wake
c17	Mortify
c17	Nin, the Pain Artist
c17	Niv-Mizzet, Dracogenius
c17	Niv-Mizzet, the Firemind
c17	Nivix Guildmage
c17	Ojutai, Soul of Winter
c17	Phantom Nishoba
c17	Qasali Pridemage
c17	Rakdos Charm
c17	Savage Ventmaw
c17	Scion of the Ur-Dragon
c17	Shadowmage Infiltrator
c17	Silumgar, the Drifting Death
c17	Silumgar's Command
c17	Spellbound Dragon
c17	Stromkirk Captain
c17	Teneb, the Harvester
c17	Terminate
c17	Tithe Drinker
c17	Vela the Night-Clad
c17	Argentum Armor
c17	Armillary Sphere
c17	Blade of the Bloodchief
c17	Boros Signet
c17	Commander's Sphere
c17	Darksteel Ingot
c17	Door of Destinies
c17	Dreamstone Hedron
c17	Fellwar Stone
c17	Fist of Suns
c17	Grappling Hook
c17	Hedron Archive
c17	Hero's Blade
c17	Lightning Greaves
c17	Loxodon Warhammer
c17	Nevinyrral's Disk
c17	Nihil Spellbomb
c17	Orzhov Signet
c17	Quietus Spike
c17	Rakdos Signet
c17	Skullclamp
c17	Sol Ring
c17	Staff of Nin
c17	Steel Hellkite
c17	Swiftfoot Boots
c17	Sword of the Animist
c17	Sword of Vengeance
c17	Unstable Obelisk
c17	Wayfarer's Bauble
c17	Well of Lost Dreams
c17	Worn Powerstone
c17	Akoum Refuge
c17	Arcane Sanctum
c17	Blighted Woodland
c17	Bloodfell Caves
c17	Blossoming Sands
c17	Bojuka Bog
c17	Boros Garrison
c17	Boros Guildgate
c17	Cinder Barrens
c17	Command Tower
c17	Crucible of the Spirit Dragon
c17	Crumbling Necropolis
c17	Dimir Aqueduct
c17	Dismal Backwater
c17	Elfhame Palace
c17	Evolving Wilds
c17	Exotic Orchard
c17	Forsaken Sanctuary
c17	Frontier Bivouac
c17	Grasslands
c17	Graypelt Refuge
c17	Grixis Panorama
c17	Haven of the Spirit Dragon
c17	Izzet Boilerworks
c17	Jungle Shrine
c17	Jwar Isle Refuge
c17	Kabira Crossroads
c17	Krosan Verge
c17	Mosswort Bridge
c17	Myriad Landscape
c17	Mystic Monastery
c17	Mystifying Maze
c17	Nomad Outpost
c17	Opal Palace
c17	Opulent Palace
c17	Orzhov Basilica
c17	Orzhov Guildgate
c17	Rakdos Carnarium
c17	Rakdos Guildgate
c17	Rogue's Passage
c17	Saltcrusted Steppe
c17	Sandsteppe Citadel
c17	Savage Lands
c17	Scoured Barrens
c17	Seaside Citadel
c17	Secluded Steppe
c17	Selesnya Guildgate
c17	Selesnya Sanctuary
c17	Stirring Wildwood
c17	Stone Quarry
c17	Swiftwater Cliffs
c17	Temple of the False God
c17	Terramorphic Expanse
c17	Tranquil Expanse
c17	Tranquil Thicket
c17	Urborg Volcano
c17	Vivid Crag
c17	Vivid Creek
c17	Vivid Grove
c17	Vivid Marsh
c17	Vivid Meadow
c17	Wind-Scarred Crag
c17	Plains
c17	Plains
c17	Plains
c17	Island
c17	Island
c17	Island
c17	Swamp
c17	Swamp
c17	Swamp
c17	Mountain
c17	Mountain
c17	Mountain
c17	Forest
c17	Forest
c17	Forest
e01	Aegis Angel
e01	Aerial Responder
e01	Anointer of Champions
e01	Doomed Traveler
e01	Excoriate
e01	Expedition Raptor
e01	Fencing Ace
e01	Fiendslayer Paladin
e01	Flickerwisp
e01	Gideon Jura
e01	Gideon's Lawkeeper
e01	Grand Abolisher
e01	Grasp of the Hieromancer
e01	Lightwielder Paladin
e01	Mentor of the Meek
e01	Moment of Heroism
e01	Odric, Master Tactician
e01	Precinct Captain
e01	Relief Captain
e01	Shoulder to Shoulder
e01	Sparring Mummy
e01	Sun Titan
e01	Those Who Serve
e01	Vizier of Deferment
e01	Youthful Knight
e01	Compulsive Research
e01	Icefall Regent
e01	Ior Ruin Expedition
e01	Prognostic Sphinx
e01	Reckless Scholar
e01	Sphinx of Jwar Isle
e01	Vision Skeins
e01	Windrider Eel
e01	Archfiend of Depravity
e01	Bone Picker
e01	Deathbringer Regent
e01	Doom Blade
e01	Harvester of Souls
e01	Nightscape Familiar
e01	Overseer of the Damned
e01	Reckless Spite
e01	Vampire Nighthawk
e01	Avatar of Fury
e01	Battle-Rattle Shaman
e01	Blood Ogre
e01	Brute Strength
e01	Chandra, Pyromaster
e01	Chandra's Outrage
e01	Chandra's Phoenix
e01	Coordinated Assault
e01	Dualcaster Mage
e01	Fiery Fall
e01	Flametongue Kavu
e01	Gorehorn Minotaurs
e01	Grim Lavamancer
e01	Guttersnipe
e01	Hammerhand
e01	Inferno Titan
e01	Lightning Bolt
e01	Limits of Solidarity
e01	Obsidian Fireheart
e01	Pathmaker Initiate
e01	Searing Spear
e01	Skarrgan Firebird
e01	Stormblood Berserker
e01	Sudden Demise
e01	Torchling
e01	Tormenting Voice
e01	Volcanic Geyser
e01	Cultivate
e01	Explore
e01	Fertilid
e01	Forgotten Ancient
e01	Greater Sandwurm
e01	Hunter's Prowess
e01	Initiate's Companion
e01	Khalni Heart Expedition
e01	Nissa, Worldwaker
e01	Oran-Rief Hydra
e01	Press the Advantage
e01	Rampaging Baloths
e01	Retreat to Kazandu
e01	Scaled Behemoth
e01	Scute Mob
e01	Sixth Sense
e01	Sylvan Bounty
e01	Thragtusk
e01	Turntimber Basilisk
e01	Vastwood Zendikon
e01	Vines of the Recluse
e01	Woodborn Behemoth
e01	Baleful Strix
e01	Blood Tyrant
e01	Cruel Ultimatum
e01	Dreadbore
e01	Extract from Darkness
e01	Nicol Bolas, Planeswalker
e01	Slave of Bolas
e01	Soul Ransom
e01	Obelisk of Grixis
e01	Sword of the Animist
e01	Talisman of Dominance
e01	Talisman of Indulgence
e01	Cinder Barrens
e01	Crumbling Necropolis
e01	Dragonskull Summit
e01	Drowned Catacomb
e01	Grixis Panorama
e01	Highland Lake
e01	Smoldering Spires
e01	Submerged Boneyard
e01	Woodland Stream
e01	Plains
e01	Island
e01	Swamp
e01	Mountain
e01	Forest
e01	Plains
e01	Island
e01	Swamp
e01	Mountain
e01	Forest
hou	Act of Heroism
hou	Adorned Pouncer
hou	Angel of Condemnation
hou	Angel of the God-Pharaoh
hou	Aven of Enduring Hope
hou	Crested Sunmare
hou	Dauntless Aven
hou	Desert's Hold
hou	Disposal Mummy
hou	Djeru, With Eyes Open
hou	Djeru's Renunciation
hou	Dutiful Servants
hou	Gideon's Defeat
hou	God-Pharaoh's Faithful
hou	Hour of Revelation
hou	Mummy Paramount
hou	Oketra's Avenger
hou	Oketra's Last Mercy
hou	Overwhelming Splendor
hou	Sandblast
hou	Saving Grace
hou	Solemnity
hou	Solitary Camel
hou	Steadfast Sentinel
hou	Steward of Solidarity
hou	Sunscourge Champion
hou	Unconventional Tactics
hou	Vizier of the True
hou	Aerial Guide
hou	Aven Reedstalker
hou	Champion of Wits
hou	Countervailing Winds
hou	Cunning Survivor
hou	Eternal of Harsh Truths
hou	Fraying Sanity
hou	Hour of Eternity
hou	Imaginary Threats
hou	Jace's Defeat
hou	Kefnet's Last Word
hou	Nimble Obstructionist
hou	Ominous Sphinx
hou	Proven Combatant
hou	Riddleform
hou	Seer of the Last Tomorrow
hou	Sinuous Striker
hou	Spellweaver Eternal
hou	Strategic Planning
hou	Striped Riverwinder
hou	Supreme Will
hou	Swarm Intelligence
hou	Tragic Lesson
hou	Unesh, Criosphinx Sovereign
hou	Unquenchable Thirst
hou	Unsummon
hou	Vizier of the Anointed
hou	Accursed Horde
hou	Ammit Eternal
hou	Apocalypse Demon
hou	Banewhip Punisher
hou	Bontu's Last Reckoning
hou	Carrion Screecher
hou	Doomfall
hou	Dreamstealer
hou	Grisly Survivor
hou	Hour of Glory
hou	Khenra Eternal
hou	Lethal Sting
hou	Liliana's Defeat
hou	Lurching Rotbeast
hou	Marauding Boneslasher
hou	Merciless Eternal
hou	Moaning Wall
hou	Razaketh, the Foulblooded
hou	Razaketh's Rite
hou	Ruin Rat
hou	Scrounger of Souls
hou	Torment of Hailfire
hou	Torment of Scarabs
hou	Torment of Venom
hou	Vile Manifestation
hou	Without Weakness
hou	Wretched Camel
hou	Abrade
hou	Blur of Blades
hou	Burning-Fist Minotaur
hou	Chandra's Defeat
hou	Chaos Maw
hou	Crash Through
hou	Defiant Khenra
hou	Earthshaker Khenra
hou	Fervent Paincaster
hou	Firebrand Archer
hou	Frontline Devastator
hou	Gilded Cerodon
hou	Granitic Titan
hou	Hazoret's Undying Fury
hou	Hour of Devastation
hou	Imminent Doom
hou	Inferno Jet
hou	Khenra Scrapper
hou	Kindled Fury
hou	Magmaroth
hou	Manticore Eternal
hou	Neheb, the Eternal
hou	Open Fire
hou	Puncturing Blow
hou	Sand Strangler
hou	Thorned Moloch
hou	Wildfire Eternal
hou	Ambuscade
hou	Beneath the Sands
hou	Bitterbow Sharpshooters
hou	Devotee of Strength
hou	Dune Diviner
hou	Feral Prowler
hou	Frilled Sandwalla
hou	Gift of Strength
hou	Harrier Naga
hou	Hope Tender
hou	Hour of Promise
hou	Life Goes On
hou	Majestic Myriarch
hou	Nissa's Defeat
hou	Oasis Ritualist
hou	Overcome
hou	Pride Sovereign
hou	Quarry Beetle
hou	Rampaging Hippo
hou	Ramunap Excavator
hou	Ramunap Hydra
hou	Resilient Khenra
hou	Rhonas's Last Stand
hou	Rhonas's Stalwart
hou	Sidewinder Naga
hou	Sifter Wurm
hou	Tenacious Hunter
hou	Uncage the Menagerie
hou	Bloodwater Entity
hou	The Locust God
hou	Nicol Bolas, God-Pharaoh
hou	Obelisk Spider
hou	Resolute Survivors
hou	River Hoopoe
hou	Samut, the Tested
hou	The Scarab God
hou	The Scorpion God
hou	Unraveling Mummy
hou	Farm
hou	Market
hou	Consign
hou	Oblivion
hou	Claim
hou	Fame
hou	Struggle
hou	Survive
hou	Appeal
hou	Authority
hou	Leave
hou	Chance
hou	Reason
hou	Believe
hou	Grind
hou	Dust
hou	Refuse
hou	Cooperate
hou	Driven
hou	Despair
hou	Abandoned Sarcophagus
hou	Crook of Condemnation
hou	Dagger of the Worthy
hou	God-Pharaoh's Gift
hou	Graven Abomination
hou	Hollow One
hou	Manalith
hou	Mirage Mirror
hou	Sunset Pyramid
hou	Traveler's Amulet
hou	Wall of Forgotten Pharaohs
hou	Crypt of the Eternals
hou	Desert of the Fervent
hou	Desert of the Glorified
hou	Desert of the Indomitable
hou	Desert of the Mindful
hou	Desert of the True
hou	Dunes of the Dead
hou	Endless Sands
hou	Hashep Oasis
hou	Hostile Desert
hou	Ifnir Deadlands
hou	Ipnu Rivulet
hou	Ramunap Ruins
hou	Scavenger Grounds
hou	Shefet Dunes
hou	Survivors' Encampment
hou	Plains
hou	Island
hou	Swamp
hou	Mountain
hou	Forest
hou	Plains
hou	Plains
hou	Island
hou	Island
hou	Swamp
hou	Swamp
hou	Mountain
hou	Mountain
hou	Forest
hou	Forest
hou	Nissa, Genesis Mage
hou	Avid Reclaimer
hou	Brambleweft Behemoth
hou	Nissa's Encouragement
hou	Woodland Stream
hou	Nicol Bolas, the Deceiver
hou	Wasp of the Bitter End
hou	Zealot of the God-Pharaoh
hou	Visage of Bolas
hou	Cinder Barrens
xln	Adanto Vanguard
xln	Ashes of the Abhorrent
xln	Axis of Mortality
xln	Bellowing Aegisaur
xln	Bishop of Rebirth
xln	Bishop's Soldier
xln	Bright Reprisal
xln	Demystify
xln	Duskborne Skymarcher
xln	Emissary of Sunrise
xln	Encampment Keeper
xln	Glorifier of Dusk
xln	Goring Ceratops
xln	Imperial Aerosaur
xln	Imperial Lancer
xln	Inspiring Cleric
xln	Ixalan's Binding
xln	Kinjalli's Caller
xln	Kinjalli's Sunwing
xln	Legion Conquistador
xln	Legion's Judgment
xln	Legion's Landing
xln	Adanto, the First Fort
xln	Looming Altisaur
xln	Mavren Fein, Dusk Apostle
xln	Paladin of the Bloodstained
xln	Pious Interdiction
xln	Priest of the Wakening Sun
xln	Pterodon Knight
xln	Queen's Commission
xln	Rallying Roar
xln	Raptor Companion
xln	Ritual of Rejuvenation
xln	Sanguine Sacrament
xln	Settle the Wreckage
xln	Sheltering Light
xln	Shining Aerosaur
xln	Skyblade of the Legion
xln	Slash of Talons
xln	Steadfast Armasaur
xln	Sunrise Seeker
xln	Territorial Hammerskull
xln	Tocatli Honor Guard
xln	Vampire's Zeal
xln	Wakening Sun's Avatar
xln	Air Elemental
xln	Arcane Adaptation
xln	Cancel
xln	Chart a Course
xln	Daring Saboteur
xln	Deadeye Quartermaster
xln	Deeproot Waters
xln	Depths of Desire
xln	Dive Down
xln	Dreamcaller Siren
xln	Entrancing Melody
xln	Favorable Winds
xln	Fleet Swallower
xln	Headwater Sentries
xln	Herald of Secret Streams
xln	Jace, Cunning Castaway
xln	Kopala, Warden of Waves
xln	Lookout's Dispersal
xln	Navigator's Ruin
xln	One With the Wind
xln	Opt
xln	Overflowing Insight
xln	Perilous Voyage
xln	Pirate's Prize
xln	Prosperous Pirates
xln	River Sneak
xln	River's Rebuke
xln	Run Aground
xln	Sailor of Means
xln	Search for Azcanta
xln	Azcanta, the Sunken Ruin
xln	Shaper Apprentice
xln	Shipwreck Looter
xln	Shore Keeper
xln	Siren Lookout
xln	Siren Stormtamer
xln	Siren's Ruse
xln	Spell Pierce
xln	Spell Swindle
xln	Storm Fleet Aerialist
xln	Storm Fleet Spy
xln	Storm Sculptor
xln	Tempest Caller
xln	Watertrap Weaver
xln	Wind Strider
xln	Anointed Deacon
xln	Arguel's Blood Fast
xln	Temple of Aclazotz
xln	Bishop of the Bloodstained
xln	Blight Keeper
xln	Bloodcrazed Paladin
xln	Boneyard Parley
xln	Contract Killing
xln	Costly Plunder
xln	Dark Nourishment
xln	Deadeye Tormentor
xln	Deadeye Tracker
xln	Deathless Ancient
xln	Desperate Castaways
xln	Dire Fleet Hoarder
xln	Dire Fleet Interloper
xln	Dire Fleet Ravager
xln	Duress
xln	Fathom Fleet Captain
xln	Fathom Fleet Cutthroat
xln	Grim Captain's Call
xln	Heartless Pillage
xln	Kitesail Freebooter
xln	Lurking Chupacabra
xln	March of the Drowned
xln	Mark of the Vampire
xln	Queen's Agent
xln	Queen's Bay Soldier
xln	Raiders' Wake
xln	Revel in Riches
xln	Ruin Raider
xln	Ruthless Knave
xln	Sanctum Seeker
xln	Seekers' Squire
xln	Skittering Heartstopper
xln	Skulduggery
xln	Skymarch Bloodletter
xln	Spreading Rot
xln	Sword-Point Diplomacy
xln	Vanquish the Weak
xln	Vicious Conquistador
xln	Vraska's Contempt
xln	Walk the Plank
xln	Wanted Scoundrels
xln	Angrath's Marauders
xln	Bonded Horncrest
xln	Brazen Buccaneers
xln	Burning Sun's Avatar
xln	Captain Lannery Storm
xln	Captivating Crew
xln	Charging Monstrosaur
xln	Demolish
xln	Dinosaur Stampede
xln	Dual Shot
xln	Fathom Fleet Firebrand
xln	Fiery Cannonade
xln	Fire Shrine Keeper
xln	Firecannon Blast
xln	Frenzied Raptor
xln	Headstrong Brute
xln	Hijack
xln	Lightning Strike
xln	Lightning-Rig Crew
xln	Makeshift Munitions
xln	Nest Robber
xln	Otepec Huntmaster
xln	Rampaging Ferocidon
xln	Raptor Hatchling
xln	Repeating Barrage
xln	Rigging Runner
xln	Rile
xln	Rowdy Crew
xln	Rummaging Goblin
xln	Star of Extinction
xln	Storm Fleet Arsonist
xln	Storm Fleet Pyromancer
xln	Sun-Crowned Hunters
xln	Sunbird's Invocation
xln	Sure Strike
xln	Swashbuckling
xln	Thrash of Raptors
xln	Tilonalli's Knight
xln	Tilonalli's Skinshifter
xln	Trove of Temptation
xln	Unfriendly Fire
xln	Vance's Blasting Cannons
xln	Spitfire Bastion
xln	Wily Goblin
xln	Ancient Brontodon
xln	Atzocan Archer
xln	Blinding Fog
xln	Blossom Dryad
xln	Carnage Tyrant
xln	Colossal Dreadmaw
xln	Commune with Dinosaurs
xln	Crash the Ramparts
xln	Crushing Canopy
xln	Deathgorge Scavenger
xln	Deeproot Champion
xln	Deeproot Warrior
xln	Drover of the Mighty
xln	Emergent Growth
xln	Emperor's Vanguard
xln	Grazing Whiptail
xln	Growing Rites of Itlimoc
xln	Itlimoc, Cradle of the Sun
xln	Ixalli's Diviner
xln	Ixalli's Keeper
xln	Jade Guardian
xln	Jungle Delver
xln	Kumena's Speaker
xln	Merfolk Branchwalker
xln	New Horizons
xln	Old-Growth Dryads
xln	Pounce
xln	Ranging Raptors
xln	Ravenous Daggertooth
xln	Ripjaw Raptor
xln	River Heralds' Boon
xln	Savage Stomp
xln	Shapers' Sanctuary
xln	Slice in Twain
xln	Snapping Sailback
xln	Spike-Tailed Ceratops
xln	Thundering Spineback
xln	Tishana's Wayfinder
xln	Verdant Rebirth
xln	Verdant Sun's Avatar
xln	Vineshaper Mystic
xln	Waker of the Wilds
xln	Wildgrowth Walker
xln	Admiral Beckett Brass
xln	Belligerent Brontodon
xln	Call to the Feast
xln	Deadeye Plunderers
xln	Dire Fleet Captain
xln	Gishath, Sun's Avatar
xln	Hostage Taker
xln	Huatli, Warrior Poet
xln	Marauding Looter
xln	Raging Swordtooth
xln	Regisaur Alpha
xln	Shapers of Nature
xln	Sky Terror
xln	Tishana, Voice of Thunder
xln	Vona, Butcher of Magan
xln	Vraska, Relic Seeker
xln	Cobbled Wings
xln	Conqueror's Galleon
xln	Conqueror's Foothold
xln	Dowsing Dagger
xln	Lost Vale
xln	Dusk Legion Dreadnought
xln	Elaborate Firecannon
xln	Fell Flagship
xln	Gilded Sentinel
xln	Hierophant's Chalice
xln	Pillar of Origins
xln	Pirate's Cutlass
xln	Primal Amulet
xln	Primal Wellspring
xln	Prying Blade
xln	Sentinel Totem
xln	Shadowed Caravel
xln	Sleek Schooner
xln	Sorcerous Spyglass
xln	Thaumatic Compass
xln	Spires of Orazca
xln	Treasure Map
xln	Treasure Cove
xln	Vanquisher's Banner
xln	Dragonskull Summit
xln	Drowned Catacomb
xln	Field of Ruin
xln	Glacial Fortress
xln	Rootbound Crag
xln	Sunpetal Grove
xln	Unclaimed Territory
xln	Unknown Shores
xln	Plains
xln	Plains
xln	Plains
xln	Plains
xln	Island
xln	Island
xln	Island
xln	Island
xln	Swamp
xln	Swamp
xln	Swamp
xln	Swamp
xln	Mountain
xln	Mountain
xln	Mountain
xln	Mountain
xln	Forest
xln	Forest
xln	Forest
xln	Forest
xln	Jace, Ingenious Mind-Mage
xln	Castaway's Despair
xln	Grasping Current
xln	Jace's Sentinel
xln	Woodland Stream
xln	Huatli, Dinosaur Knight
xln	Huatli's Snubhorn
xln	Huatli's Spurring
xln	Sun-Blessed Mount
xln	Stone Quarry
ust	Sword of Dungeons & Dragons
dds	Jhoira of the Ghitu
dds	Beacon of Tomorrows
dds	Deep-Sea Kraken
dds	Mind's Desire
dds	Peer Through Depths
dds	Quicken
dds	Reach Through Mists
dds	Sage-Eye Avengers
dds	Sift Through Sands
dds	Snap
dds	Talrand, Sky Summoner
dds	Temporal Fissure
dds	The Unspeakable
dds	Desperate Ritual
dds	Empty the Warrens
dds	Grapeshot
dds	Rift Bolt
dds	Shivan Meteor
dds	Volcanic Vision
dds	Young Pyromancer
dds	Firemind's Foresight
dds	Goblin Electromancer
dds	Jori En, Ruin Diver
dds	Nivix Cyclops
dds	Spellheart Chimera
dds	Nucklavee
dds	Swiftwater Cliffs
dds	Island
dds	Island
dds	Island
dds	Mountain
dds	Mountain
dds	Mountain
dds	Lovisa Coldeyes
dds	Beacon of Destruction
dds	Boldwyr Intimidator
dds	Firebolt
dds	Gorehorn Minotaurs
dds	Kamahl, Pit Fighter
dds	Kruin Striker
dds	Zo-Zu the Punisher
dds	Ambassador Oak
dds	Beast Attack
dds	Call of the Herd
dds	Cloudcrown Oak
dds	Harmonize
dds	Increasing Savagery
dds	Rampant Growth
dds	Roar of the Wurm
dds	Skarrgan Pit-Skulk
dds	Sylvan Might
dds	Talara's Battalion
dds	Radha, Heir to Keld
dds	Relentless Hunter
dds	Burning-Tree Emissary
dds	Guttural Response
dds	Rubblebelt Raiders
dds	Coat of Arms
dds	Rugged Highlands
dds	Mountain
dds	Mountain
dds	Mountain
dds	Forest
dds	Forest
dds	Forest
htr	Chandra, Gremlin Wrangler
htr	Dungeon Master
htr	Nira, Hellkite Duelist
rix	Baffling End
rix	Bishop of Binding
rix	Blazing Hope
rix	Cleansing Ray
rix	Divine Verdict
rix	Everdawn Champion
rix	Exultant Skymarcher
rix	Famished Paladin
rix	Forerunner of the Legion
rix	Imperial Ceratops
rix	Legion Conquistador
rix	Luminous Bonds
rix	Majestic Heliopterus
rix	Martyr of Dusk
rix	Moment of Triumph
rix	Paladin of Atonement
rix	Pride of Conquerors
rix	Radiant Destiny
rix	Raptor Companion
rix	Sanguine Glorifier
rix	Skymarcher Aspirant
rix	Slaughter the Strong
rix	Snubhorn Sentry
rix	Sphinx's Decree
rix	Squire's Devotion
rix	Sun Sentinel
rix	Sun-Crested Pterodon
rix	Temple Altisaur
rix	Trapjaw Tyrant
rix	Zetalpa, Primal Dawn
rix	Admiral's Order
rix	Aquatic Incursion
rix	Crafty Cutpurse
rix	Crashing Tide
rix	Curious Obsession
rix	Deadeye Rig-Hauler
rix	Expel from Orazca
rix	Flood of Recollection
rix	Hornswoggle
rix	Induced Amnesia
rix	Kitesail Corsair
rix	Kumena's Awakening
rix	Mist-Cloaked Herald
rix	Negate
rix	Nezahal, Primal Tide
rix	Release to the Wind
rix	River Darter
rix	Riverwise Augur
rix	Sailor of Means
rix	Sea Legs
rix	Seafloor Oracle
rix	Secrets of the Golden City
rix	Silvergill Adept
rix	Siren Reaver
rix	Slippery Scoundrel
rix	Soul of the Rapids
rix	Spire Winder
rix	Sworn Guardian
rix	Timestream Navigator
rix	Warkite Marauder
rix	Waterknot
rix	Arterial Flow
rix	Canal Monitor
rix	Champion of Dusk
rix	Dark Inquiry
rix	Dead Man's Chest
rix	Dinosaur Hunter
rix	Dire Fleet Poisoner
rix	Dusk Charger
rix	Dusk Legion Zealot
rix	Fathom Fleet Boarder
rix	Forerunner of the Coalition
rix	Golden Demise
rix	Grasping Scoundrel
rix	Gruesome Fate
rix	Impale
rix	Mastermind's Acquisition
rix	Mausoleum Harpy
rix	Moment of Craving
rix	Oathsworn Vampire
rix	Pitiless Plunderer
rix	Ravenous Chupacabra
rix	Reaver Ambush
rix	Recover
rix	Sadistic Skymarcher
rix	Tetzimoc, Primal Death
rix	Tomb Robber
rix	Twilight Prophet
rix	Vampire Revenant
rix	Vona's Hunger
rix	Voracious Vampire
rix	Blood Sun
rix	Bombard
rix	Brass's Bounty
rix	Brazen Freebooter
rix	Buccaneer's Bravado
rix	Charging Tuskodon
rix	Daring Buccaneer
rix	Dire Fleet Daredevil
rix	Etali, Primal Storm
rix	Fanatical Firebrand
rix	Forerunner of the Empire
rix	Form of the Dinosaur
rix	Frilled Deathspitter
rix	Goblin Trailblazer
rix	Mutiny
rix	Needletooth Raptor
rix	Orazca Raptor
rix	Pirate's Pillage
rix	Reckless Rage
rix	Rekindling Phoenix
rix	See Red
rix	Shake the Foundations
rix	Shatter
rix	Silverclad Ferocidons
rix	Stampeding Horncrest
rix	Storm Fleet Swashbuckler
rix	Sun-Collared Raptor
rix	Swaggering Corsair
rix	Tilonalli's Crown
rix	Tilonalli's Summoner
rix	Aggressive Urge
rix	Cacophodon
rix	Cherished Hatchling
rix	Colossal Dreadmaw
rix	Crested Herdcaller
rix	Deeproot Elite
rix	Enter the Unknown
rix	Forerunner of the Heralds
rix	Ghalta, Primal Hunger
rix	Giltgrove Stalker
rix	Hardy Veteran
rix	Hunt the Weak
rix	Jade Bearer
rix	Jadecraft Artisan
rix	Jadelight Ranger
rix	Jungleborn Pioneer
rix	Knight of the Stampede
rix	Naturalize
rix	Orazca Frillback
rix	Overgrown Armasaur
rix	Path of Discovery
rix	Plummet
rix	Polyraptor
rix	Strength of the Pack
rix	Swift Warden
rix	Tendershoot Dryad
rix	Thrashing Brontodon
rix	Thunderherd Migration
rix	Wayward Swordtooth
rix	World Shaper
rix	Angrath, the Flame-Chained
rix	Atzocan Seer
rix	Azor, the Lawbringer
rix	Deadeye Brawler
rix	Dire Fleet Neckbreaker
rix	Elenda, the Dusk Rose
rix	Hadana's Climb
rix	Winged Temple of Orazca
rix	Huatli, Radiant Champion
rix	Journey to Eternity
rix	Atzal, Cave of Eternity
rix	Jungle Creeper
rix	Kumena, Tyrant of Orazca
rix	Legion Lieutenant
rix	Merfolk Mistbinder
rix	Path of Mettle
rix	Metzali, Tower of Triumph
rix	Profane Procession
rix	Tomb of the Dusk Rose
rix	Protean Raider
rix	Raging Regisaur
rix	Relentless Raptor
rix	Resplendent Griffin
rix	Siegehorn Ceratops
rix	Storm Fleet Sprinter
rix	Storm the Vault
rix	Vault of Catlacan
rix	Zacama, Primal Calamity
rix	Awakened Amalgam
rix	Azor's Gateway
rix	Sanctum of the Sun
rix	Captain's Hook
rix	Gleaming Barrier
rix	Golden Guardian
rix	Gold-Forge Garrison
rix	The Immortal Sun
rix	Orazca Relic
rix	Silent Gravestone
rix	Strider Harness
rix	Traveler's Amulet
rix	Arch of Orazca
rix	Evolving Wilds
rix	Forsaken Sanctuary
rix	Foul Orchard
rix	Highland Lake
rix	Stone Quarry
rix	Woodland Stream
rix	Plains
rix	Island
rix	Swamp
rix	Mountain
rix	Forest
rix	Vraska, Scheming Gorgon
rix	Vampire Champion
rix	Vraska's Conquistador
rix	Vraska's Scorn
rix	Angrath, Minotaur Pirate
rix	Angrath's Ambusher
rix	Swab Goblin
rix	Angrath's Fury
rix	Cinder Barrens
ust	As Luck Would Have It
ust	Baron Von Count
ust	Big Boa Constrictor
ust	Bumbling Pangolin
ust	Buzzing Whack-a-Doodle
ust	Chittering Doom
ust	Common Iguana
ust	Contraption Cannon
ust	Crow Storm
ust	Curious Killbot
ust	Dirty Rat
ust	Eager Beaver
ust	Earl of Squirrel
ust	Feisty Stegosaurus
ust	Forest
ust	GO TO JAIL
ust	Gnome-Made Engine
ust	Ground Pounder
ust	Hammer Helper
ust	Hammer Jammer
ust	Hangman
ust	Hazmat Suit (Used)
ust	Hot Fix
ust	Hydradoodle
ust	Incite Insight
ust	Inhumaniac
ust	Island
ust	Jackknight
ust	Krark's Other Thumb
ust	Lobe Lobber
ust	Mad Science Fair Project
ust	Mer Man
ust	Mountain
ust	Numbing Jellyfish
ust	Ordinary Pony
ust	Painiac
ust	Plains
ust	Shaggy Camel
ust	Skull Saucer
ust	Snickering Squirrel
ust	Split Screen
ust	Spy Eye
ust	Squirrel-Powered Scheme
ust	Box of Free-Range Goblins
ust	Staff of the Letter Magus
ust	Steamflogger Boss
ust	Steamflogger Service Rep
ust	Steel Squirrel
ust	Stinging Scorpion
ust	Summon the Pack
ust	Swamp
ust	Sword of Dungeons & Dragons
ust	Target Minotaur
ust	The Big Idea
ust	Time Out
ust	Voracious Vacuum
ust	Wall of Fortune
ust	Wild Crocodile
ust	Willing Test Subject
ust	Garbage Elemental
ust	Oddly Uneven
ust	capital offense
ust	Very Cryptic Command
ddt	Master of Waves
ddt	Aquitect's Will
ddt	Claustrophobia
ddt	Concentrate
ddt	Engulf the Shore
ddt	Essence Scatter
ddt	Harbinger of the Tides
ddt	Inkfathom Divers
ddt	Master of the Pearl Trident
ddt	Merfolk Looter
ddt	Merfolk Sovereign
ddt	Merfolk Wayfinder
ddt	Merrow Reejerey
ddt	Mind Spring
ddt	Misdirection
ddt	Rootwater Hunter
ddt	Scroll Thief
ddt	Streambed Aquitects
ddt	Tidal Courier
ddt	Tidal Warrior
ddt	Tidal Wave
ddt	Tidebinder Mage
ddt	Triton Tactics
ddt	Wake Thrasher
ddt	Cold-Eyed Selkie
ddt	Blighted Cataract
ddt	Lonely Sandbar
ddt	Island
ddt	Island
ddt	Warren Instigator
ddt	Battle Squadron
ddt	Boggart Brute
ddt	Brute Strength
ddt	Cleaver Riot
ddt	Ember Hauler
ddt	Foundry Street Denizen
ddt	Gempalm Incinerator
ddt	Ghostfire
ddt	Goblin Chieftain
ddt	Goblin Diplomats
ddt	Goblin Glory Chaser
ddt	Goblin Goon
ddt	Goblin Grenade
ddt	Goblin Rabblemaster
ddt	Goblin Razerunners
ddt	Goblin Ringleader
ddt	Goblin Tunneler
ddt	Goblin Wardriver
ddt	Hordeling Outburst
ddt	Krenko, Mob Boss
ddt	Krenko's Command
ddt	Relentless Assault
ddt	Tarfire
ddt	Brittle Effigy
ddt	Goblin Charbelcher
ddt	Blighted Gorge
ddt	Forgotten Cave
ddt	Mountain
ddt	Mountain
ugl	The Cheese Stands Alone
ugl	Lexivore
ugl	Miss Demeanor
ugl	Once More with Feeling
ugl	Checks and Balances
ugl	Chicken à la King
ugl	Clambassadors
ugl	Clam-I-Am
ugl	Denied!
ugl	Fowl Play
ugl	Free-for-All
ugl	Psychic Network
ugl	Deadhead
ugl	Jumbo Imp
ugl	Organ Harvest
ugl	Poultrygeist
ugl	Temp of the Damned
ugl	Burning Cinder Fury of Crimson Chaos Fire
ugl	Chicken Egg
ugl	Goblin Bookie
ugl	Goblin Bowling Team
ugl	Goblin Tutor
ugl	Jalum Grifter
ugl	Krazy Kow
ugl	Ricochet
ugl	Spark Fiend
ugl	Strategy, Schmategy
ugl	The Ultimate Nightmare of Wizards of the Coast® Customer Service
ugl	Elvish Impersonators
ugl	Flock of Rabid Sheep
ugl	Free-Range Chicken
ugl	Gerrymandering
ugl	Growth Spurt
ugl	Hungry Hungry Heifer
ugl	Incoming!
ugl	Team Spirit
ugl	Timmy, Power Gamer
ugl	Giant Fan
ugl	Jack-in-the-Mox
ugl	Paper Tiger
ugl	Rock Lobster
ugl	Scissors Lizard
ugl	Spatula of the Ages
ugl	Urza's Science Fair Project
hho	Snow Mercy
hho	Fruitcake Elemental
hho	Season's Beatings
unh	Mox Lotus
dom	Karn, Scion of Urza
dom	Adamant Will
dom	Aven Sentry
dom	Baird, Steward of Argive
dom	Benalish Honor Guard
dom	Benalish Marshal
dom	Blessed Light
dom	Board the Weatherlight
dom	Call the Cavalry
dom	Charge
dom	D'Avenant Trapper
dom	Danitha Capashen, Paragon
dom	Daring Archaeologist
dom	Dauntless Bodyguard
dom	Dub
dom	Evra, Halcyon Witness
dom	Excavation Elephant
dom	Fall of the Thran
dom	Gideon's Reproach
dom	Healing Grace
dom	History of Benalia
dom	Invoke the Divine
dom	Knight of Grace
dom	Knight of New Benalia
dom	Kwende, Pride of Femeref
dom	Lyra Dawnbringer
dom	Mesa Unicorn
dom	On Serra's Wings
dom	Pegasus Courser
dom	Sanctum Spirit
dom	Seal Away
dom	Sergeant-at-Arms
dom	Serra Angel
dom	Serra Disciple
dom	Shalai, Voice of Plenty
dom	Teshar, Ancestor's Apostle
dom	Tragic Poet
dom	Triumph of Gerrard
dom	Urza's Ruinous Blast
dom	Academy Drake
dom	Academy Journeymage
dom	The Antiquities War
dom	Arcane Flight
dom	Artificer's Assistant
dom	Befuddle
dom	Blink of an Eye
dom	Cloudreader Sphinx
dom	Cold-Water Snapper
dom	Curator's Ward
dom	Deep Freeze
dom	Diligent Excavator
dom	Divination
dom	Homarid Explorer
dom	In Bolas's Clutches
dom	Karn's Temporal Sundering
dom	Merfolk Trickster
dom	The Mirari Conjecture
dom	Naban, Dean of Iteration
dom	Naru Meha, Master Wizard
dom	Opt
dom	Precognition Field
dom	Relic Runner
dom	Rescue
dom	Sage of Lat-Nam
dom	Sentinel of the Pearl Trident
dom	Slinn Voda, the Rising Deep
dom	Syncopate
dom	Tempest Djinn
dom	Tetsuko Umezawa, Fugitive
dom	Time of Ice
dom	Tolarian Scholar
dom	Unwind
dom	Vodalian Arcanist
dom	Weight of Memory
dom	Wizard's Retort
dom	Zahid, Djinn of the Lamp
dom	Blessing of Belzenlok
dom	Cabal Evangel
dom	Cabal Paladin
dom	Caligo Skin-Witch
dom	Cast Down
dom	Chainer's Torment
dom	Dark Bargain
dom	Deathbloom Thallid
dom	Demonic Vigor
dom	Demonlord Belzenlok
dom	Divest
dom	Dread Shade
dom	Drudge Sentinel
dom	The Eldest Reborn
dom	Eviscerate
dom	Feral Abomination
dom	Final Parting
dom	Fungal Infection
dom	Josu Vess, Lich Knight
dom	Kazarov, Sengir Pureblood
dom	Knight of Malice
dom	Lich's Mastery
dom	Lingering Phantom
dom	Phyrexian Scriptures
dom	Rat Colony
dom	Rite of Belzenlok
dom	Settle the Score
dom	Soul Salvage
dom	Stronghold Confessor
dom	Thallid Omnivore
dom	Thallid Soothsayer
dom	Torgaar, Famine Incarnate
dom	Urgoros, the Empty One
dom	Vicious Offering
dom	Whisper, Blood Liturgist
dom	Windgrace Acolyte
dom	Yargle, Glutton of Urborg
dom	Yawgmoth's Vile Offering
dom	Bloodstone Goblin
dom	Champion of the Flame
dom	Fervent Strike
dom	Fiery Intervention
dom	Fight with Fire
dom	Fire Elemental
dom	Firefist Adept
dom	The First Eruption
dom	The Flame of Keld
dom	Frenzied Rage
dom	Ghitu Chronicler
dom	Ghitu Journeymage
dom	Ghitu Lavarunner
dom	Goblin Barrage
dom	Goblin Chainwhirler
dom	Goblin Warchief
dom	Haphazard Bombardment
dom	Jaya Ballard
dom	Jaya's Immolating Inferno
dom	Keldon Overseer
dom	Keldon Raider
dom	Keldon Warcaller
dom	Orcish Vandal
dom	Radiating Lightning
dom	Rampaging Cyclops
dom	Run Amok
dom	Seismic Shift
dom	Shivan Fire
dom	Siege-Gang Commander
dom	Skirk Prospector
dom	Skizzik
dom	Squee, the Immortal
dom	Two-Headed Giant
dom	Valduk, Keeper of the Flame
dom	Verix Bladewing
dom	Warcry Phoenix
dom	Warlord's Fury
dom	Wizard's Lightning
dom	Adventurous Impulse
dom	Ancient Animus
dom	Arbor Armament
dom	Baloth Gorger
dom	Broken Bond
dom	Corrosive Ooze
dom	Elfhame Druid
dom	Fungal Plots
dom	Gaea's Blessing
dom	Gaea's Protector
dom	Gift of Growth
dom	Grow from the Ashes
dom	Grunn, the Lonely King
dom	Kamahl's Druidic Vow
dom	Krosan Druid
dom	Llanowar Elves
dom	Llanowar Envoy
dom	Llanowar Scout
dom	Mammoth Spider
dom	Marwyn, the Nurturer
dom	The Mending of Dominaria
dom	Multani, Yavimaya's Avatar
dom	Nature's Spiral
dom	Pierce the Sky
dom	Primordial Wurm
dom	Saproling Migration
dom	Song of Freyalise
dom	Spore Swarm
dom	Sporecrown Thallid
dom	Steel Leaf Champion
dom	Sylvan Awakening
dom	Territorial Allosaurus
dom	Thorn Elemental
dom	Untamed Kavu
dom	Verdant Force
dom	Wild Onslaught
dom	Yavimaya Sapherd
dom	Adeliz, the Cinder Wind
dom	Arvad the Cursed
dom	Aryel, Knight of Windgrace
dom	Darigaaz Reincarnated
dom	Garna, the Bloodflame
dom	Grand Warlord Radha
dom	Hallar, the Firefletcher
dom	Jhoira, Weatherlight Captain
dom	Jodah, Archmage Eternal
dom	Muldrotha, the Gravetide
dom	Oath of Teferi
dom	Primevals' Glorious Rebirth
dom	Raff Capashen, Ship's Mage
dom	Rona, Disciple of Gix
dom	Shanna, Sisay's Legacy
dom	Slimefoot, the Stowaway
dom	Tatyova, Benthic Druid
dom	Teferi, Hero of Dominaria
dom	Tiana, Ship's Caretaker
dom	Aesthir Glider
dom	Amaranthine Wall
dom	Blackblade Reforged
dom	Bloodtallow Candle
dom	Damping Sphere
dom	Forebear's Blade
dom	Gilded Lotus
dom	Guardians of Koilos
dom	Helm of the Host
dom	Howling Golem
dom	Icy Manipulator
dom	Jhoira's Familiar
dom	Jousting Lance
dom	Juggernaut
dom	Mishra's Self-Replicator
dom	Mox Amber
dom	Navigator's Compass
dom	Pardic Wanderer
dom	Powerstone Shard
dom	Shield of the Realm
dom	Short Sword
dom	Skittering Surveyor
dom	Sorcerer's Wand
dom	Sparring Construct
dom	Thran Temporal Gateway
dom	Traxos, Scourge of Kroog
dom	Urza's Tome
dom	Voltaic Servant
dom	Weatherlight
dom	Cabal Stronghold
dom	Clifftop Retreat
dom	Hinterland Harbor
dom	Isolated Chapel
dom	Memorial to Folly
dom	Memorial to Genius
dom	Memorial to Glory
dom	Memorial to Unity
dom	Memorial to War
dom	Sulfur Falls
dom	Woodland Cemetery
dom	Zhalfirin Void
dom	Plains
dom	Plains
dom	Plains
dom	Plains
dom	Island
dom	Island
dom	Island
dom	Island
dom	Swamp
dom	Swamp
dom	Swamp
dom	Swamp
dom	Mountain
dom	Mountain
dom	Mountain
dom	Mountain
dom	Forest
dom	Forest
dom	Forest
dom	Forest
dom	Teferi, Timebender
dom	Temporal Machinations
dom	Niambi, Faithful Healer
dom	Teferi's Sentinel
dom	Meandering River
dom	Chandra, Bold Pyromancer
dom	Chandra's Outburst
dom	Karplusan Hound
dom	Pyromantic Pilgrim
dom	Timber Gorge
dom	Firesong and Sunspeaker
bbd	Will Kenrith
bbd	Rowan Kenrith
bbd	Regna, the Redeemer
bbd	Krav, the Unredeemed
bbd	Zndrsplt, Eye of Wisdom
bbd	Okaun, Eye of Chaos
bbd	Virtus the Veiled
bbd	Gorm the Great
bbd	Khorvath Brightflame
bbd	Sylvia Brightspear
bbd	Pir, Imaginative Rascal
bbd	Toothy, Imaginary Friend
bbd	Blaring Recruiter
bbd	Blaring Captain
bbd	Chakram Retriever
bbd	Chakram Slinger
bbd	Soulblade Corrupter
bbd	Soulblade Renewer
bbd	Impetuous Protege
bbd	Proud Mentor
bbd	Ley Weaver
bbd	Lore Weaver
bbd	Arena Rector
bbd	Aurora Champion
bbd	Brightling
bbd	Bring Down
bbd	Dwarven Lightsmith
bbd	Jubilant Mascot
bbd	Play of the Game
bbd	Regna's Sanction
bbd	Skystreamer
bbd	Together Forever
bbd	Arcane Artisan
bbd	Fumble
bbd	Game Plan
bbd	Huddle Up
bbd	Nimbus Champion
bbd	Out of Bounds
bbd	Saltwater Stalwart
bbd	Soaring Show-Off
bbd	Spellseeker
bbd	Spellweaver Duo
bbd	Zndrsplt's Judgment
bbd	Archfiend of Despair
bbd	Bloodborn Scoundrels
bbd	Fan Favorite
bbd	Gang Up
bbd	Inner Demon
bbd	Mindblade Render
bbd	Sickle Dancer
bbd	Stunning Reversal
bbd	Thrasher Brute
bbd	Thrilling Encore
bbd	Virtus's Maneuver
bbd	Azra Bladeseeker
bbd	Bonus Round
bbd	Bull-Rush Bruiser
bbd	Cheering Fanatic
bbd	Khorvath's Fury
bbd	Lava-Field Overlord
bbd	Magma Hellion
bbd	Najeela, the Blade-Blossom
bbd	Stadium Vendors
bbd	Stolen Strategy
bbd	Bramble Sovereign
bbd	Charging Binox
bbd	Combo Attack
bbd	The Crowd Goes Wild
bbd	Decorated Champion
bbd	Generous Patron
bbd	Grothama, All-Devouring
bbd	Jungle Wayfinder
bbd	Pir's Whim
bbd	Archon of Valor's Reach
bbd	Azra Oddsmaker
bbd	Last One Standing
bbd	Rushblade Commander
bbd	Vampire Charmseeker
bbd	Sentinel Tower
bbd	Victory Chimes
bbd	Bountiful Promenade
bbd	Luxury Suite
bbd	Morphic Pool
bbd	Sea of Clouds
bbd	Spire Garden
bbd	Angel of Retribution
bbd	Angelic Chorus
bbd	Angelic Gift
bbd	Battle Mastery
bbd	Champion of Arashin
bbd	Doomed Traveler
bbd	Expedition Raptor
bbd	Kor Spiritdancer
bbd	Land Tax
bbd	Lightwalker
bbd	Long Road Home
bbd	Loyal Pegasus
bbd	Mangara of Corondor
bbd	Midnight Guard
bbd	Oreskos Explorer
bbd	Pacifism
bbd	Raptor Companion
bbd	Rebuke
bbd	Royal Trooper
bbd	Shoulder to Shoulder
bbd	Silverchase Fox
bbd	Solemn Offering
bbd	Sparring Mummy
bbd	Steppe Glider
bbd	Swords to Plowshares
bbd	Take Up Arms
bbd	Tandem Tactics
bbd	Benthic Giant
bbd	Call to Heel
bbd	Claustrophobia
bbd	Coralhelm Guide
bbd	Fog Bank
bbd	Frost Lynx
bbd	Impulse
bbd	Kitesail Corsair
bbd	Kraken Hatchling
bbd	Mystic Confluence
bbd	Negate
bbd	Nimbus of the Isles
bbd	Omenspeaker
bbd	Opportunity
bbd	Oracle's Insight
bbd	Peregrine Drake
bbd	Phantom Warrior
bbd	Reckless Scholar
bbd	Sower of Temptation
bbd	Spell Snare
bbd	Switcheroo
bbd	Tidespout Tyrant
bbd	Totally Lost
bbd	True-Name Nemesis
bbd	Watercourser
bbd	Assassin's Strike
bbd	Assassinate
bbd	Daggerdrome Imp
bbd	Diabolic Intent
bbd	Doomed Dissenter
bbd	Eyeblight Assassin
bbd	Fill with Fright
bbd	Grotesque Mutation
bbd	Hand of Silumgar
bbd	Last Gasp
bbd	Liturgy of Blood
bbd	Morbid Curiosity
bbd	Nirkana Revenant
bbd	Noosegraf Mob
bbd	Noxious Dragon
bbd	Nyxathid
bbd	Painful Lesson
bbd	Prakhata Club Security
bbd	Quest for the Gravelord
bbd	Rotfeaster Maggot
bbd	Screeching Buzzard
bbd	Shambling Ghoul
bbd	Slum Reaper
bbd	Swarm of Bloodflies
bbd	Tavern Swindler
bbd	Tenacious Dead
bbd	Bathe in Dragonfire
bbd	Battle Rampart
bbd	Battle-Rattle Shaman
bbd	Blaze
bbd	Blood Feud
bbd	Boldwyr Intimidator
bbd	Borderland Marauder
bbd	Chain Lightning
bbd	Dragon Breath
bbd	Dragon Hatchling
bbd	Earth Elemental
bbd	Ember Beast
bbd	Enthralling Victor
bbd	Expedite
bbd	Flamewave Invoker
bbd	Goblin Razerunners
bbd	Lightning Talons
bbd	Magmatic Force
bbd	Pathmaker Initiate
bbd	Reckless Reveler
bbd	Shock
bbd	Thunder Strike
bbd	Trumpet Blast
bbd	War's Toll
bbd	Wrap in Flames
bbd	Aim High
bbd	Beast Within
bbd	Canopy Spider
bbd	Charging Rhino
bbd	Cowl Prowler
bbd	Daggerback Basilisk
bbd	Doubling Season
bbd	Elvish Visionary
bbd	Feral Hydra
bbd	Fertile Ground
bbd	Fertilid
bbd	Giant Growth
bbd	Greater Good
bbd	Hunted Wumpus
bbd	Karametra's Favor
bbd	Kraul Warrior
bbd	Lead by Example
bbd	Magus of the Candelabra
bbd	Plated Crusher
bbd	Primal Huntbeast
bbd	Pulse of Murasa
bbd	Return to the Earth
bbd	Saddleback Lagac
bbd	Seedborn Muse
bbd	Skyshroud Claim
bbd	Veteran Explorer
bbd	Vigor
bbd	Wandering Wolf
bbd	Apocalypse Hydra
bbd	Auger Spree
bbd	Centaur Healer
bbd	Dinrova Horror
bbd	Enduring Scalelord
bbd	Evil Twin
bbd	Gwafa Hazid, Profiteer
bbd	Jelenn Sphinx
bbd	Kiss of the Amesha
bbd	Relentless Hunter
bbd	Rhox Brute
bbd	Riptide Crab
bbd	Savage Ventmaw
bbd	Unflinching Courage
bbd	Urborg Drake
bbd	Consulate Skygate
bbd	Culling Dais
bbd	Eager Construct
bbd	Genesis Chamber
bbd	Gold-Forged Sentinel
bbd	Hexplate Golem
bbd	Juggernaut
bbd	Millennial Gargoyle
bbd	Mind's Eye
bbd	Mycosynth Lattice
bbd	Night Market Guard
bbd	Peace Strider
bbd	Pierce Strider
bbd	Seer's Lantern
bbd	Spectral Searchlight
bbd	Stone Golem
bbd	Tyrant's Machine
bbd	Yotian Soldier
bbd	Plains
bbd	Island
bbd	Swamp
bbd	Mountain
bbd	Forest
m19	Aegis of the Heavens
m19	Aethershield Artificer
m19	Ajani, Adversary of Tyrants
m19	Ajani's Last Stand
m19	Ajani's Pridemate
m19	Ajani's Welcome
m19	Angel of the Dawn
m19	Cavalry Drillmaster
m19	Cleansing Nova
m19	Daybreak Chaplain
m19	Dwarven Priest
m19	Gallant Cavalry
m19	Herald of Faith
m19	Hieromancer's Cage
m19	Inspired Charge
m19	Invoke the Divine
m19	Isolate
m19	Knight of the Tusk
m19	Knight's Pledge
m19	Knightly Valor
m19	Lena, Selfless Champion
m19	Leonin Vanguard
m19	Leonin Warleader
m19	Loxodon Line Breaker
m19	Luminous Bonds
m19	Make a Stand
m19	Mentor of the Meek
m19	Mighty Leap
m19	Militia Bugler
m19	Novice Knight
m19	Oreskos Swiftclaw
m19	Pegasus Courser
m19	Remorseful Cleric
m19	Resplendent Angel
m19	Revitalize
m19	Rustwing Falcon
m19	Shield Mare
m19	Star-Crowned Stag
m19	Suncleanser
m19	Take Vengeance
m19	Trusty Packbeast
m19	Valiant Knight
m19	Aether Tunnel
m19	Anticipate
m19	Aven Wind Mage
m19	Aviation Pioneer
m19	Bone to Ash
m19	Cancel
m19	Departed Deckhand
m19	Disperse
m19	Divination
m19	Djinn of Wishes
m19	Dwindle
m19	Essence Scatter
m19	Exclusion Mage
m19	Frilled Sea Serpent
m19	Gearsmith Prodigy
m19	Ghostform
m19	Horizon Scholar
m19	Metamorphic Alteration
m19	Mirror Image
m19	Mistcaller
m19	Mystic Archaeologist
m19	Omenspeaker
m19	Omniscience
m19	One with the Machine
m19	Patient Rebuilding
m19	Psychic Corrosion
m19	Sai, Master Thopterist
m19	Salvager of Secrets
m19	Scholar of Stars
m19	Sift
m19	Skilled Animator
m19	Sleep
m19	Snapping Drake
m19	Supreme Phantom
m19	Surge Mare
m19	Switcheroo
m19	Tezzeret, Artifice Master
m19	Tolarian Scholar
m19	Totally Lost
m19	Uncomfortable Chill
m19	Wall of Mist
m19	Windreader Sphinx
m19	Abnormal Endurance
m19	Blood Divination
m19	Bogstomper
m19	Bone Dragon
m19	Child of Night
m19	Death Baron
m19	Demon of Catastrophes
m19	Diregraf Ghoul
m19	Doomed Dissenter
m19	Duress
m19	Epicure of Blood
m19	Fell Specter
m19	Fraying Omnipotence
m19	Gravedigger
m19	Graveyard Marshal
m19	Hired Blade
m19	Infectious Horror
m19	Infernal Reckoning
m19	Infernal Scarring
m19	Isareth the Awakener
m19	Lich's Caress
m19	Liliana, Untouched by Death
m19	Liliana's Contract
m19	Macabre Waltz
m19	Mind Rot
m19	Murder
m19	Nightmare's Thirst
m19	Open the Graves
m19	Phylactery Lich
m19	Plague Mare
m19	Ravenous Harpy
m19	Reassembling Skeleton
m19	Rise from the Grave
m19	Skeleton Archer
m19	Skymarch Bloodletter
m19	Sovereign's Bite
m19	Stitcher's Supplier
m19	Strangling Spores
m19	Two-Headed Zombie
m19	Vampire Neonate
m19	Vampire Sovereign
m19	Walking Corpse
m19	Act of Treason
m19	Alpine Moon
m19	Apex of Power
m19	Banefire
m19	Boggart Brute
m19	Catalyst Elemental
m19	Crash Through
m19	Dark-Dweller Oracle
m19	Demanding Dragon
m19	Dismissive Pyromancer
m19	Doublecast
m19	Dragon Egg
m19	Electrify
m19	Fiery Finish
m19	Fire Elemental
m19	Goblin Instigator
m19	Goblin Motivator
m19	Goblin Trashmaster
m19	Guttersnipe
m19	Havoc Devils
m19	Hostile Minotaur
m19	Inferno Hellion
m19	Lathliss, Dragon Queen
m19	Lava Axe
m19	Lightning Mare
m19	Lightning Strike
m19	Onakke Ogre
m19	Sarkhan, Fireblood
m19	Sarkhan's Unsealing
m19	Shock
m19	Siegebreaker Giant
m19	Smelt
m19	Sparktongue Dragon
m19	Spit Flame
m19	Sure Strike
m19	Tectonic Rift
m19	Thud
m19	Tormenting Voice
m19	Trumpet Blast
m19	Viashino Pyromancer
m19	Volcanic Dragon
m19	Volley Veteran
m19	Blanchwood Armor
m19	Bristling Boar
m19	Centaur Courser
m19	Colossal Dreadmaw
m19	Colossal Majesty
m19	Daggerback Basilisk
m19	Declare Dominance
m19	Druid of Horns
m19	Druid of the Cowl
m19	Dryad Greenseeker
m19	Elvish Clancaller
m19	Elvish Rejuvenator
m19	Ghastbark Twins
m19	Ghirapur Guide
m19	Giant Spider
m19	Gift of Paradise
m19	Gigantosaurus
m19	Goreclaw, Terror of Qal Sisma
m19	Greenwood Sentinel
m19	Highland Game
m19	Hungering Hydra
m19	Naturalize
m19	Oakenform
m19	Pelakka Wurm
m19	Plummet
m19	Prodigious Growth
m19	Rabid Bite
m19	Reclamation Sage
m19	Recollect
m19	Rhox Oracle
m19	Root Snare
m19	Runic Armasaur
m19	Scapeshift
m19	Talons of Wildwood
m19	Thorn Lieutenant
m19	Thornhide Wolves
m19	Titanic Growth
m19	Vigilant Baloth
m19	Vine Mare
m19	Vivien Reid
m19	Vivien's Invocation
m19	Wall of Vines
m19	Aerial Engineer
m19	Arcades, the Strategist
m19	Brawl-Bash Ogre
m19	Chromium, the Mutable
m19	Draconic Disciple
m19	Enigma Drake
m19	Heroic Reinforcements
m19	Nicol Bolas, the Arisen
m19	Nicol Bolas, the Ravager
m19	Palladia-Mors, the Ruiner
m19	Poison-Tip Archer
m19	Psychic Symbiont
m19	Regal Bloodlord
m19	Satyr Enchanter
m19	Skyrider Patrol
m19	Vaevictis Asmadi, the Dire
m19	Amulet of Safekeeping
m19	Arcane Encyclopedia
m19	Chaos Wand
m19	Crucible of Worlds
m19	Desecrated Tomb
m19	Diamond Mare
m19	Dragon's Hoard
m19	Explosive Apparatus
m19	Field Creeper
m19	Fountain of Renewal
m19	Gargoyle Sentinel
m19	Gearsmith Guardian
m19	Magistrate's Scepter
m19	Manalith
m19	Marauder's Axe
m19	Meteor Golem
m19	Millstone
m19	Rogue's Gloves
m19	Sigiled Sword of Valeron
m19	Skyscanner
m19	Suspicious Bookcase
m19	Transmogrifying Wand
m19	Cinder Barrens
m19	Detection Tower
m19	Forsaken Sanctuary
m19	Foul Orchard
m19	Highland Lake
m19	Meandering River
m19	Reliquary Tower
m19	Rupture Spire
m19	Stone Quarry
m19	Submerged Boneyard
m19	Timber Gorge
m19	Tranquil Expanse
m19	Woodland Stream
m19	Plains
m19	Island
m19	Swamp
m19	Mountain
m19	Forest
m19	Ajani, Wise Counselor
m19	Ajani's Influence
m19	Court Cleric
m19	Serra's Guardian
m19	Silverbeak Griffin
m19	Tezzeret, Cruel Machinist
m19	Riddlemaster Sphinx
m19	Pendulum of Patterns
m19	Tezzeret's Gatebreaker
m19	Tezzeret's Strider
m19	Liliana, the Necromancer
m19	Arisen Gorgon
m19	Gravewaker
m19	Liliana's Spoils
m19	Tattered Mummy
m19	Sarkhan, Dragonsoul
m19	Kargan Dragonrider
m19	Sarkhan's Dragonfire
m19	Sarkhan's Whelp
m19	Shivan Dragon
m19	Vivien of the Arkbow
m19	Aggressive Mammoth
m19	Skalla Wolf
m19	Ursine Champion
m19	Vivien's Jaguar
m19	Nexus of Fate
m19	Sun Sentinel
m19	Air Elemental
m19	Befuddle
m19	Mist-Cloaked Herald
m19	Waterknot
m19	Grasping Scoundrel
m19	Radiating Lightning
m19	Llanowar Elves
gs1	Mu Yanling
gs1	Colorful Feiyi Sparrow
gs1	Purple-Crystal Crab
gs1	Vivid Flying Fish
gs1	Welkin Tern
gs1	Heavenly Qilin
gs1	Armored Whirl Turtle
gs1	Nine-Tail White Fox
gs1	Earth-Origin Yak
gs1	Moon-Eating Dog
gs1	Stormcloud Spirit
gs1	Ancestor Dragon
gs1	Cloak of Mists
gs1	Qilin's Blessing
gs1	Drown in Shapelessness
gs1	Dragon's Presence
gs1	Brilliant Plan
gs1	Rhythmic Water Vortex
gs1	Meandering River
gs1	Plains
gs1	Island
gs1	Jiang Yanggu
gs1	Leopard-Spotted Jiao
gs1	Feiyi Snake
gs1	Sacred White Deer
gs1	Reckless Pangolin
gs1	Giant Spider
gs1	Ferocious Zheng
gs1	Fire-Omen Crane
gs1	Screeching Phoenix
gs1	Earthshaking Si
gs1	Hardened-Scale Armor
gs1	Breath of Fire
gs1	Aggressive Instinct
gs1	Confidence from Strength
gs1	Journey for the Elixir
gs1	Cleansing Screech
gs1	Timber Gorge
gs1	Mountain
gs1	Forest
c18	Boreas Charger
c18	Empyrial Storm
c18	Heavenly Blademaster
c18	Loyal Unicorn
c18	Magus of the Balance
c18	Aminatou's Augury
c18	Echo Storm
c18	Estrid's Invocation
c18	Ever-Watching Threshold
c18	Loyal Drake
c18	Octopus Umbra
c18	Primordial Mist
c18	Vedalken Humiliator
c18	Bloodtracker
c18	Entreat the Dead
c18	Loyal Subordinate
c18	Night Incarnate
c18	Skull Storm
c18	Sower of Discord
c18	Emissary of Grudges
c18	Enchanter's Bane
c18	Fury Storm
c18	Loyal Apprentice
c18	Nesting Dragon
c18	Reality Scramble
c18	Saheeli's Directive
c18	Treasure Nabber
c18	Varchild, Betrayer of Kjeldor
c18	Crash of Rhino Beetles
c18	Genesis Storm
c18	Loyal Guardian
c18	Myth Unbound
c18	Nylea's Colossus
c18	Ravenous Slime
c18	Turntimber Sower
c18	Whiptongue Hydra
c18	Aminatou, the Fateshifter
c18	Arixmethes, Slumbering Isle
c18	Brudiclad, Telchor Engineer
c18	Estrid, the Masked
c18	Gyrus, Waker of Corpses
c18	Kestia, the Cultivator
c18	Lord Windgrace
c18	Saheeli, the Gifted
c18	Tawnos, Urza's Apprentice
c18	Thantis, the Warweaver
c18	Tuvasa the Sunlit
c18	Varina, Lich Queen
c18	Windgrace's Judgment
c18	Xantcha, Sleeper Agent
c18	Yennett, Cryptic Sovereign
c18	Yuriko, the Tiger's Shadow
c18	Ancient Stone Idol
c18	Coveted Jewel
c18	Endless Atlas
c18	Geode Golem
c18	Retrofitter Foundry
c18	Forge of Heroes
c18	Isolated Watchtower
c18	Adarkar Valkyrie
c18	Ajani's Chosen
c18	Akroma's Vengeance
c18	Banishing Stroke
c18	Celestial Archon
c18	Crib Swap
c18	Dismantling Blow
c18	Entreat the Angels
c18	Lightform
c18	Martial Coup
c18	Phyrexian Rebirth
c18	Return to Dust
c18	Sage's Reverie
c18	Serra Avatar
c18	Sigil of the Empty Throne
c18	Silent Sentinel
c18	Soul Snare
c18	Terminus
c18	Unquestioned Authority
c18	Winds of Rath
c18	Aether Gale
c18	Archetype of Imagination
c18	Brainstorm
c18	Cloudform
c18	Conundrum Sphinx
c18	Devastation Tide
c18	Dictate of Kruphix
c18	Djinn of Wishes
c18	Dream Cache
c18	Eel Umbra
c18	Etherium Sculptor
c18	Inkwell Leviathan
c18	Into the Roil
c18	Jeskai Infiltrator
c18	Mulldrifter
c18	Ninja of the Deep Hours
c18	Ponder
c18	Portent
c18	Predict
c18	Reverse Engineer
c18	Saheeli's Artistry
c18	Sharding Sphinx
c18	Sigiled Starfish
c18	Sphinx of Jwar Isle
c18	Sphinx of Uthuun
c18	Telling Time
c18	Thirst for Knowledge
c18	Thopter Spy Network
c18	Tidings
c18	Treasure Hunt
c18	Vow of Flight
c18	Whirler Rogue
c18	Whitewater Naiads
c18	Army of the Damned
c18	Moonlight Bargain
c18	Phyrexian Delver
c18	Retreat to Hagra
c18	Ruinous Path
c18	Soul of Innistrad
c18	Stitch Together
c18	Blasphemous Act
c18	Chain Reaction
c18	Chaos Warp
c18	Flameblast Dragon
c18	Hellkite Igniter
c18	Magmaquake
c18	Thopter Engineer
c18	Acidic Slime
c18	Aura Gnarlid
c18	Avenger of Zendikar
c18	Baloth Woodcrasher
c18	Bear Umbra
c18	Boon Satyr
c18	Borderland Explorer
c18	Budoka Gardener
c18	Centaur Vinecrasher
c18	Consign to Dust
c18	Creeping Renaissance
c18	Cultivate
c18	Dawn's Reflection
c18	Eidolon of Blossoms
c18	Enchantress's Presence
c18	Epic Proportions
c18	Explore
c18	Explosive Vegetation
c18	Far Wanderings
c18	Farhaven Elf
c18	Fertile Ground
c18	Grapple with the Past
c18	Ground Seal
c18	Harrow
c18	Herald of the Pantheon
c18	Hunting Wilds
c18	Hydra Omnivore
c18	Khalni Heart Expedition
c18	Kruphix's Insight
c18	Moldgraf Monstrosity
c18	Overgrowth
c18	Rampaging Baloths
c18	Reclamation Sage
c18	Sakura-Tribe Elder
c18	Scute Mob
c18	Snake Umbra
c18	Spawning Grounds
c18	Vow of Wildness
c18	Wild Growth
c18	Yavimaya Elder
c18	Yavimaya Enchantress
c18	Aethermage's Touch
c18	Bant Charm
c18	Bruna, Light of Alabaster
c18	Charnelhoard Wurm
c18	Cold-Eyed Selkie
c18	Daxos of Meletis
c18	Deathreap Ritual
c18	Decimate
c18	Duskmantle Seer
c18	Elderwood Scion
c18	Enigma Sphinx
c18	Esper Charm
c18	Finest Hour
c18	Gaze of Granite
c18	Grisly Salvage
c18	High Priest of Penance
c18	Lavalanche
c18	Maverick Thopterist
c18	Mortify
c18	Putrefy
c18	Righteous Authority
c18	Rubblehulk
c18	Savage Twister
c18	Silent-Blade Oni
c18	Unflinching Courage
c18	Utter End
c18	Worm Harvest
c18	Zendikar Incarnate
c18	Azorius Signet
c18	Blinkmoth Urn
c18	Bosh, Iron Golem
c18	Chief of the Foundry
c18	Commander's Sphere
c18	Crystal Ball
c18	Darksteel Juggernaut
c18	Dimir Signet
c18	Dreamstone Hedron
c18	Duplicant
c18	Hedron Archive
c18	Izzet Signet
c18	Magnifying Glass
c18	Mimic Vat
c18	Mind Stone
c18	Mirrorworks
c18	Myr Battlesphere
c18	Orzhov Signet
c18	Pilgrim's Eye
c18	Prismatic Lens
c18	Prototype Portal
c18	Psychosis Crawler
c18	Scrabbling Claws
c18	Scuttling Doom Engine
c18	Seer's Lantern
c18	Seer's Sundial
c18	Sol Ring
c18	Soul of New Phyrexia
c18	Steel Hellkite
c18	Swiftfoot Boots
c18	Thopter Assembly
c18	Unstable Obelisk
c18	Unwinding Clock
c18	Vessel of Endless Rest
c18	Worn Powerstone
c18	Akoum Refuge
c18	Arcane Sanctum
c18	Azorius Chancery
c18	Azorius Guildgate
c18	Barren Moor
c18	Blighted Woodland
c18	Blossoming Sands
c18	Bojuka Bog
c18	Buried Ruin
c18	Command Tower
c18	Darksteel Citadel
c18	Dimir Aqueduct
c18	Dimir Guildgate
c18	Dismal Backwater
c18	Evolving Wilds
c18	Forgotten Cave
c18	Forsaken Sanctuary
c18	Foundry of the Consuls
c18	Golgari Rot Farm
c18	Great Furnace
c18	Grim Backwoods
c18	Gruul Turf
c18	Halimar Depths
c18	Haunted Fengraf
c18	Highland Lake
c18	Izzet Boilerworks
c18	Izzet Guildgate
c18	Jund Panorama
c18	Jungle Hollow
c18	Jwar Isle Refuge
c18	Kazandu Refuge
c18	Khalni Garden
c18	Krosan Verge
c18	Lonely Sandbar
c18	Meandering River
c18	Mortuary Mire
c18	Mosswort Bridge
c18	Mountain Valley
c18	Myriad Landscape
c18	New Benalia
c18	Orzhov Basilica
c18	Orzhov Guildgate
c18	Rakdos Carnarium
c18	Rocky Tar Pit
c18	Savage Lands
c18	Scoured Barrens
c18	Seaside Citadel
c18	Seat of the Synod
c18	Secluded Steppe
c18	Sejiri Refuge
c18	Selesnya Sanctuary
c18	Simic Growth Chamber
c18	Submerged Boneyard
c18	Swiftwater Cliffs
c18	Temple of the False God
c18	Terramorphic Expanse
c18	Thornwood Falls
c18	Tranquil Cove
c18	Tranquil Expanse
c18	Tranquil Thicket
c18	Warped Landscape
c18	Woodland Stream
c18	Plains
c18	Plains
c18	Plains
c18	Island
c18	Island
c18	Island
c18	Swamp
c18	Swamp
c18	Swamp
c18	Mountain
c18	Mountain
c18	Mountain
c18	Forest
c18	Forest
c18	Forest
grn	Blade Instructor
grn	Bounty Agent
grn	Candlelight Vigil
grn	Citywide Bust
grn	Collar the Culprit
grn	Conclave Tribunal
grn	Crush Contraband
grn	Dawn of Hope
grn	Demotion
grn	Divine Visitation
grn	Flight of Equenauts
grn	Gird for Battle
grn	Haazda Marshal
grn	Healer's Hawk
grn	Hunted Witness
grn	Inspiring Unicorn
grn	Intrusive Packbeast
grn	Ledev Guardian
grn	Light of the Legion
grn	Loxodon Restorer
grn	Luminous Bonds
grn	Parhelion Patrol
grn	Righteous Blow
grn	Roc Charger
grn	Skyline Scout
grn	Sunhome Stalwart
grn	Sworn Companions
grn	Take Heart
grn	Tenth District Guard
grn	Venerated Loxodon
grn	Capture Sphere
grn	Chemister's Insight
grn	Citywatch Sphinx
grn	Dazzling Lights
grn	Devious Cover-Up
grn	Dimir Informant
grn	Disdainful Stroke
grn	Dream Eater
grn	Drowned Secrets
grn	Enhanced Surveillance
grn	Guild Summit
grn	Leapfrog
grn	Maximize Altitude
grn	Mission Briefing
grn	Murmuring Mystic
grn	Muse Drake
grn	Narcomoeba
grn	Nightveil Sprite
grn	Omnispell Adept
grn	Passwall Adept
grn	Quasiduplicate
grn	Radical Idea
grn	Selective Snare
grn	Sinister Sabotage
grn	Thoughtbound Phantasm
grn	Unexplained Disappearance
grn	Vedalken Mesmerist
grn	Wall of Mist
grn	Watcher in the Mist
grn	Wishcoin Crab
grn	Barrier of Bones
grn	Bartizan Bats
grn	Blood Operative
grn	Burglar Rat
grn	Child of Night
grn	Creeping Chill
grn	Dead Weight
grn	Deadly Visit
grn	Doom Whisperer
grn	Douser of Lights
grn	Gruesome Menagerie
grn	Hired Poisoner
grn	Kraul Swarm
grn	Lotleth Giant
grn	Mausoleum Secrets
grn	Mephitic Vapors
grn	Midnight Reaper
grn	Moodmark Painter
grn	Necrotic Wound
grn	Never Happened
grn	Pilfering Imp
grn	Plaguecrafter
grn	Price of Fame
grn	Ritual of Soot
grn	Severed Strands
grn	Spinal Centipede
grn	Undercity Necrolisk
grn	Veiled Shade
grn	Vicious Rumors
grn	Whispering Snitch
grn	Arclight Phoenix
grn	Barging Sergeant
grn	Book Devourer
grn	Command the Storm
grn	Cosmotronic Wave
grn	Direct Current
grn	Electrostatic Field
grn	Erratic Cyclops
grn	Experimental Frenzy
grn	Fearless Halberdier
grn	Fire Urchin
grn	Goblin Banneret
grn	Goblin Cratermaker
grn	Goblin Locksmith
grn	Gravitic Punch
grn	Hellkite Whelp
grn	Inescapable Blaze
grn	Lava Coil
grn	Legion Warboss
grn	Maniacal Rage
grn	Maximize Velocity
grn	Ornery Goblin
grn	Risk Factor
grn	Rubblebelt Boar
grn	Runaway Steam-Kin
grn	Smelt-Ward Minotaur
grn	Street Riot
grn	Sure Strike
grn	Torch Courier
grn	Wojek Bodyguard
grn	Affectionate Indrik
grn	Arboretum Elemental
grn	Beast Whisperer
grn	Bounty of Might
grn	Circuitous Route
grn	Crushing Canopy
grn	Devkarin Dissident
grn	District Guide
grn	Generous Stray
grn	Golgari Raiders
grn	Grappling Sundew
grn	Hatchery Spider
grn	Hitchclaw Recluse
grn	Ironshell Beetle
grn	Kraul Foragers
grn	Kraul Harpooner
grn	Might of the Masses
grn	Nullhide Ferox
grn	Pack's Favor
grn	Pause for Reflection
grn	Pelt Collector
grn	Portcullis Vine
grn	Prey Upon
grn	Siege Wurm
grn	Sprouting Renewal
grn	Urban Utopia
grn	Vigorspore Wurm
grn	Vivid Revival
grn	Wary Okapi
grn	Wild Ceratok
grn	Artful Takedown
grn	Assassin's Trophy
grn	Aurelia, Exemplar of Justice
grn	Beacon Bolt
grn	Beamsplitter Mage
grn	Boros Challenger
grn	Camaraderie
grn	Centaur Peacemaker
grn	Chance for Glory
grn	Charnel Troll
grn	Conclave Cavalier
grn	Conclave Guildmage
grn	Crackling Drake
grn	Darkblade Agent
grn	Deafening Clarion
grn	Dimir Spybug
grn	Disinformation Campaign
grn	Emmara, Soul of the Accord
grn	Erstwhile Trooper
grn	Etrata, the Silencer
grn	Firemind's Research
grn	Garrison Sergeant
grn	Glowspore Shaman
grn	Goblin Electromancer
grn	Golgari Findbroker
grn	Hammer Dropper
grn	House Guildmage
grn	Hypothesizzle
grn	Ionize
grn	Izoni, Thousand-Eyed
grn	Join Shields
grn	Justice Strike
grn	Knight of Autumn
grn	Lazav, the Multifarious
grn	League Guildmage
grn	Ledev Champion
grn	Legion Guildmage
grn	March of the Multitudes
grn	Mnemonic Betrayal
grn	Molderhulk
grn	Nightveil Predator
grn	Niv-Mizzet, Parun
grn	Notion Rain
grn	Ochran Assassin
grn	Ral, Izzet Viceroy
grn	Rhizome Lurcher
grn	Rosemane Centaur
grn	Skyknight Legionnaire
grn	Sonic Assault
grn	Sumala Woodshaper
grn	Swarm Guildmage
grn	Swathcutter Giant
grn	Swiftblade Vindicator
grn	Tajic, Legion's Edge
grn	Thief of Sanity
grn	Thought Erasure
grn	Thousand-Year Storm
grn	Trostani Discordant
grn	Truefire Captain
grn	Undercity Uprising
grn	Underrealm Lich
grn	Unmoored Ego
grn	Vraska, Golgari Queen
grn	Wee Dragonauts
grn	Worldsoul Colossus
grn	Fresh-Faced Recruit
grn	Piston-Fist Cyclops
grn	Pitiless Gorgon
grn	Vernadi Shieldmate
grn	Whisper Agent
grn	Assemble
grn	Assure
grn	Concoct
grn	Connive
grn	Discovery
grn	Dispersal
grn	Expansion
grn	Explosion
grn	Finality
grn	Find
grn	Flourish
grn	Flower
grn	Integrity
grn	Intervention
grn	Invent
grn	Invert
grn	Response
grn	Resurgence
grn	Statue
grn	Status
grn	Boros Locket
grn	Chamber Sentry
grn	Chromatic Lantern
grn	Dimir Locket
grn	Gatekeeper Gargoyle
grn	Glaive of the Guildpact
grn	Golgari Locket
grn	Izzet Locket
grn	Rampaging Monument
grn	Selesnya Locket
grn	Silent Dart
grn	Wand of Vertebrae
grn	Boros Guildgate
grn	Dimir Guildgate
grn	Gateway Plaza
grn	Golgari Guildgate
grn	Guildmages' Forum
grn	Izzet Guildgate
grn	Overgrown Tomb
grn	Sacred Foundry
grn	Selesnya Guildgate
grn	Steam Vents
grn	Temple Garden
grn	Watery Grave
grn	Plains
grn	Island
grn	Swamp
grn	Mountain
grn	Forest
grn	Ral, Caller of Storms
grn	Ral's Dispersal
grn	Precision Bolt
grn	Ral's Staticaster
grn	Vraska, Regal Gorgon
grn	Kraul Raider
grn	Attendant of Vraska
grn	Vraska's Stoneglare
grn	Impervious Greatwurm
rna	Angel of Grace
rna	Angelic Exaltation
rna	Archway Angel
rna	Arrester's Zeal
rna	Bring to Trial
rna	Civic Stalwart
rna	Concordia Pegasus
rna	Expose to Daylight
rna	Forbidding Spirit
rna	Haazda Officer
rna	Hero of Precinct One
rna	Impassioned Orator
rna	Justiciar's Portal
rna	Knight of Sorrows
rna	Lumbering Battlement
rna	Ministrant of Obligation
rna	Prowling Caracal
rna	Rally to Battle
rna	Resolute Watchdog
rna	Sentinel's Mark
rna	Sky Tether
rna	Smothering Tithe
rna	Spirit of the Spires
rna	Summary Judgment
rna	Syndicate Messenger
rna	Tenth District Veteran
rna	Tithe Taker
rna	Twilight Panther
rna	Unbreakable Formation
rna	Watchful Giant
rna	Arrester's Admonition
rna	Benthic Biomancer
rna	Chillbringer
rna	Clear the Mind
rna	Code of Constraint
rna	Coral Commando
rna	Essence Capture
rna	Eyes Everywhere
rna	Faerie Duelist
rna	Gateway Sneak
rna	Humongulus
rna	Mass Manipulation
rna	Mesmerizing Benthid
rna	Persistent Petitioners
rna	Precognitive Perception
rna	Prying Eyes
rna	Pteramander
rna	Quench
rna	Sage's Row Savant
rna	Senate Courier
rna	Shimmer of Possibility
rna	Skatewing Spy
rna	Skitter Eel
rna	Slimebind
rna	Sphinx of Foresight
rna	Swirling Torrent
rna	Thought Collapse
rna	Verity Circle
rna	Wall of Lost Thoughts
rna	Windstorm Drake
rna	Awaken the Erstwhile
rna	Bankrupt in Blood
rna	Blade Juggler
rna	Bladebrand
rna	Bloodmist Infiltrator
rna	Carrion Imp
rna	Catacomb Crocodile
rna	Clear the Stage
rna	Consign to the Pit
rna	Cry of the Carnarium
rna	Dead Revels
rna	Debtors' Transport
rna	Drill Bit
rna	Font of Agonies
rna	Grotesque Demise
rna	Gutterbones
rna	Ill-Gotten Inheritance
rna	Noxious Groodion
rna	Orzhov Enforcer
rna	Orzhov Racketeers
rna	Pestilent Spirit
rna	Plague Wight
rna	Priest of Forgotten Gods
rna	Rakdos Trumpeter
rna	Spawn of Mayhem
rna	Spire Mangler
rna	Thirsting Shade
rna	Undercity Scavenger
rna	Undercity's Embrace
rna	Vindictive Vampire
rna	Act of Treason
rna	Amplifire
rna	Burn Bright
rna	Burning-Tree Vandal
rna	Cavalcade of Calamity
rna	Clamor Shaman
rna	Dagger Caster
rna	Deface
rna	Electrodominance
rna	Feral Maaka
rna	Flames of the Raze-Boar
rna	Gates Ablaze
rna	Ghor-Clan Wrecker
rna	Goblin Gathering
rna	Gravel-Hide Goblin
rna	Immolation Shaman
rna	Light Up the Stage
rna	Mirror March
rna	Rix Maadi Reveler
rna	Rubble Reading
rna	Rubblebelt Recluse
rna	Rumbling Ruin
rna	Scorchmark
rna	Skarrgan Hellkite
rna	Skewer the Critics
rna	Smelt-Ward Ignus
rna	Spear Spewer
rna	Spikewheel Acrobat
rna	Storm Strike
rna	Tin Street Dodger
rna	Axebane Beast
rna	Biogenic Ooze
rna	Biogenic Upgrade
rna	End-Raze Forerunners
rna	Enraged Ceratok
rna	Gatebreaker Ram
rna	Gift of Strength
rna	Growth-Chamber Guardian
rna	Gruul Beastmaster
rna	Guardian Project
rna	Incubation Druid
rna	Mammoth Spider
rna	Open the Gates
rna	Rampage of the Clans
rna	Rampaging Rendhorn
rna	Regenesis
rna	Root Snare
rna	Sagittars' Volley
rna	Saruli Caretaker
rna	Sauroform Hybrid
rna	Silhana Wayfinder
rna	Steeple Creeper
rna	Stony Strength
rna	Sylvan Brushstrider
rna	Territorial Boar
rna	Titanic Brawl
rna	Tower Defense
rna	Trollbred Guardian
rna	Wilderness Reclamation
rna	Wrecking Beast
rna	Absorb
rna	Aeromunculus
rna	Applied Biomancy
rna	Azorius Knight-Arbiter
rna	Azorius Skyguard
rna	Basilica Bell-Haunt
rna	Bedevil
rna	Biomancer's Familiar
rna	Bolrac-Clan Crusher
rna	Captive Audience
rna	Cindervines
rna	Clan Guildmage
rna	Combine Guildmage
rna	Cult Guildmage
rna	Deputy of Detention
rna	Domri, Chaos Bringer
rna	Dovin, Grand Arbiter
rna	Dovin's Acuity
rna	Emergency Powers
rna	Ethereal Absolution
rna	Final Payment
rna	Fireblade Artist
rna	Frenzied Arynx
rna	Frilled Mystic
rna	Galloping Lizrog
rna	Get the Point
rna	Grasping Thrull
rna	Growth Spiral
rna	Gruul Spellbreaker
rna	Gyre Engineer
rna	Hackrobat
rna	High Alert
rna	Hydroid Krasis
rna	Imperious Oligarch
rna	Judith, the Scourge Diva
rna	Kaya, Orzhov Usurper
rna	Kaya's Wrath
rna	Knight of the Last Breath
rna	Lavinia, Azorius Renegade
rna	Lawmage's Binding
rna	Macabre Mockery
rna	Mortify
rna	Nikya of the Old Ways
rna	Pitiless Pontiff
rna	Prime Speaker Vannifar
rna	Rafter Demon
rna	Rakdos Firewheeler
rna	Rakdos Roustabout
rna	Rakdos, the Showstopper
rna	Ravager Wurm
rna	Rhythm of the Wild
rna	Rubblebelt Runner
rna	Savage Smash
rna	Senate Guildmage
rna	Seraph of the Scales
rna	Sharktocrab
rna	Simic Ascendancy
rna	Sphinx of New Prahv
rna	Sphinx's Insight
rna	Sunder Shaman
rna	Syndicate Guildmage
rna	Teysa Karlov
rna	Theater of Horrors
rna	Zegana, Utopian Speaker
rna	Zhur-Taa Goblin
rna	Footlight Fiend
rna	Rubble Slinger
rna	Scuttlegator
rna	Senate Griffin
rna	Vizkopa Vampire
rna	Bedazzle
rna	Bedeck
rna	Carnage
rna	Carnival
rna	Collision
rna	Colossus
rna	Consecrate
rna	Consume
rna	Deploy
rna	Depose
rna	Incongruity
rna	Incubation
rna	Replicate
rna	Repudiate
rna	Revenge
rna	Revival
rna	Thrash
rna	Threat
rna	Warden
rna	Warrant
rna	Azorius Locket
rna	Gate Colossus
rna	Glass of the Guildpact
rna	Gruul Locket
rna	Junktroller
rna	Orzhov Locket
rna	Rakdos Locket
rna	Scrabbling Claws
rna	Screaming Shield
rna	Simic Locket
rna	Sphinx of the Guildpact
rna	Tome of the Guildpact
rna	Azorius Guildgate
rna	Blood Crypt
rna	Breeding Pool
rna	Gateway Plaza
rna	Godless Shrine
rna	Gruul Guildgate
rna	Hallowed Fountain
rna	Orzhov Guildgate
rna	Plaza of Harmony
rna	Rakdos Guildgate
rna	Simic Guildgate
rna	Stomping Ground
rna	Dovin, Architect of Law
rna	Elite Arrester
rna	Dovin's Dismissal
rna	Dovin's Automaton
rna	Domri, City Smasher
rna	Ragefire
rna	Charging War Boar
rna	Domri's Nodorog
rna	The Haunt of Hightower
war	Karn, the Great Creator
war	Ugin, the Ineffable
war	Ugin's Conjurant
war	Ajani's Pridemate
war	Battlefield Promotion
war	Bond of Discipline
war	Bulwark Giant
war	Charmed Stray
war	Defiant Strike
war	Divine Arrow
war	Enforcer Griffin
war	Finale of Glory
war	Gideon Blackblade
war	Gideon's Sacrifice
war	Gideon's Triumph
war	God-Eternal Oketra
war	Grateful Apparition
war	Ignite the Beacon
war	Ironclad Krovod
war	Law-Rune Enforcer
war	Loxodon Sergeant
war	Makeshift Battalion
war	Martyr for the Cause
war	Parhelion II
war	Pouncing Lynx
war	Prison Realm
war	Rally of Wings
war	Ravnica at War
war	Rising Populace
war	Single Combat
war	Sunblade Angel
war	Teyo, the Shieldmage
war	Teyo's Lightshield
war	Tomik, Distinguished Advokist
war	Topple the Statue
war	Trusted Pegasus
war	The Wanderer
war	Wanderer's Strike
war	War Screecher
war	Ashiok's Skulker
war	Augur of Bolas
war	Aven Eternal
war	Bond of Insight
war	Callous Dismissal
war	Commence the Endgame
war	Contentious Plan
war	Crush Dissent
war	Erratic Visionary
war	Eternal Skylord
war	Fblthp, the Lost
war	Finale of Revelation
war	Flux Channeler
war	God-Eternal Kefnet
war	Jace, Wielder of Mysteries
war	Jace's Triumph
war	Kasmina, Enigmatic Mentor
war	Kasmina's Transmutation
war	Kiora's Dambreaker
war	Lazotep Plating
war	Naga Eternal
war	Narset, Parter of Veils
war	Narset's Reversal
war	No Escape
war	Relentless Advance
war	Rescuer Sphinx
war	Silent Submersible
war	Sky Theater Strix
war	Spark Double
war	Spellkeeper Weird
war	Stealth Mission
war	Tamiyo's Epiphany
war	Teferi's Time Twist
war	Thunder Drake
war	Totally Lost
war	Wall of Runes
war	Aid the Fallen
war	Banehound
war	Bleeding Edge
war	Bolas's Citadel
war	Bond of Revival
war	Charity Extractor
war	Command the Dreadhorde
war	Davriel, Rogue Shadowmage
war	Davriel's Shadowfugue
war	Deliver Unto Evil
war	Dreadhorde Invasion
war	Dreadmalkin
war	Duskmantle Operative
war	The Elderspell
war	Eternal Taskmaster
war	Finale of Eternity
war	God-Eternal Bontu
war	Herald of the Dreadhorde
war	Kaya's Ghostform
war	Lazotep Behemoth
war	Lazotep Reaver
war	Liliana, Dreadhorde General
war	Liliana's Triumph
war	Massacre Girl
war	Ob Nixilis, the Hate-Twisted
war	Ob Nixilis's Cruelty
war	Price of Betrayal
war	Shriekdiver
war	Sorin's Thirst
war	Spark Harvest
war	Spark Reaper
war	Tithebearer Giant
war	Toll of the Invasion
war	Unlikely Aid
war	Vampire Opportunist
war	Vizier of the Scorpion
war	Vraska's Finisher
war	Ahn-Crop Invader
war	Blindblast
war	Bolt Bend
war	Bond of Passion
war	Burning Prophet
war	Chainwhip Cyclops
war	Chandra, Fire Artisan
war	Chandra's Pyrohelix
war	Chandra's Triumph
war	Cyclops Electromancer
war	Demolish
war	Devouring Hellion
war	Dreadhorde Arcanist
war	Dreadhorde Twins
war	Finale of Promise
war	Goblin Assailant
war	Goblin Assault Team
war	Grim Initiate
war	Heartfire
war	Honor the God-Pharaoh
war	Ilharg, the Raze-Boar
war	Invading Manticore
war	Jaya, Venerated Firemage
war	Jaya's Greeting
war	Krenko, Tin Street Kingpin
war	Mizzium Tank
war	Nahiri's Stoneblades
war	Neheb, Dreadhorde Champion
war	Raging Kronch
war	Samut's Sprint
war	Sarkhan the Masterless
war	Sarkhan's Catharsis
war	Spellgorger Weird
war	Tibalt, Rakish Instigator
war	Tibalt's Rager
war	Turret Ogre
war	Arboreal Grazer
war	Arlinn, Voice of the Pack
war	Arlinn's Wolf
war	Awakening of Vitu-Ghazi
war	Band Together
war	Bloom Hulk
war	Bond of Flourishing
war	Centaur Nurturer
war	Challenger Troll
war	Courage in Crisis
war	Evolution Sage
war	Finale of Devastation
war	Forced Landing
war	Giant Growth
war	God-Eternal Rhonas
war	Jiang Yanggu, Wildcrafter
war	Kraul Stinger
war	Kronch Wrangler
war	Mowu, Loyal Companion
war	New Horizons
war	Nissa, Who Shakes the World
war	Nissa's Triumph
war	Paradise Druid
war	Planewide Celebration
war	Pollenbright Druid
war	Primordial Wurm
war	Return to Nature
war	Snarespinner
war	Steady Aim
war	Storm the Citadel
war	Thundering Ceratok
war	Vivien, Champion of the Wilds
war	Vivien's Arkbow
war	Vivien's Grizzly
war	Wardscale Crocodile
war	Ajani, the Greathearted
war	Angrath's Rampage
war	Bioessence Hydra
war	Casualties of War
war	Cruel Celebrant
war	Deathsprout
war	Despark
war	Domri, Anarch of Bolas
war	Domri's Ambush
war	Dovin's Veto
war	Dreadhorde Butcher
war	Elite Guardmage
war	Enter the God-Eternals
war	Feather, the Redeemed
war	Gleaming Overseer
war	Heartwarming Redemption
war	Huatli's Raptor
war	Invade the City
war	Leyline Prowler
war	Living Twister
war	Mayhem Devil
war	Merfolk Skydiver
war	Neoform
war	Nicol Bolas, Dragon-God
war	Niv-Mizzet Reborn
war	Oath of Kaya
war	Pledge of Unity
war	Ral, Storm Conduit
war	Ral's Outburst
war	Roalesk, Apex Hybrid
war	Role Reversal
war	Rubblebelt Rioters
war	Solar Blaze
war	Sorin, Vengeful Bloodlord
war	Soul Diviner
war	Storrev, Devkarin Lich
war	Tamiyo, Collector of Tales
war	Teferi, Time Raveler
war	Tenth District Legionnaire
war	Time Wipe
war	Tolsimir, Friend to Wolves
war	Tyrant's Scorn
war	Widespread Brutality
war	Angrath, Captain of Chaos
war	Ashiok, Dream Render
war	Dovin, Hand of Control
war	Huatli, the Sun's Heart
war	Kaya, Bane of the Dead
war	Kiora, Behemoth Beckoner
war	Nahiri, Storm of Stone
war	Saheeli, Sublime Artificer
war	Samut, Tyrant Smasher
war	Vraska, Swarm's Eminence
war	Firemind Vessel
war	God-Pharaoh's Statue
war	Guild Globe
war	Iron Bully
war	Mana Geode
war	Prismite
war	Saheeli's Silverwing
war	Blast Zone
war	Emergence Zone
war	Gateway Plaza
war	Interplanar Beacon
war	Karn's Bastion
war	Mobilized District
war	Plains
war	Island
war	Swamp
war	Mountain
war	Forest
war	Gideon, the Oathsworn
war	Desperate Lunge
war	Gideon's Battle Cry
war	Gideon's Company
war	Orzhov Guildgate
war	Jace, Arcane Strategist
war	Guildpact Informant
war	Jace's Projection
war	Jace's Ruse
war	Simic Guildgate
war	Tezzeret, Master of the Bridge
mh1	Morophon, the Boundless
mh1	Answered Prayers
mh1	Astral Drift
mh1	Battle Screech
mh1	Dismantling Blow
mh1	Enduring Sliver
mh1	Ephemerate
mh1	Face of Divinity
mh1	First Sliver's Chosen
mh1	Force of Virtue
mh1	Generous Gift
mh1	Gilded Light
mh1	Giver of Runes
mh1	Impostor of the Sixth Pride
mh1	Irregular Cohort
mh1	King of the Pride
mh1	Knight of Old Benalia
mh1	Lancer Sliver
mh1	Martyr's Soul
mh1	On Thin Ice
mh1	Ranger-Captain of Eos
mh1	Recruit the Worthy
mh1	Reprobation
mh1	Rhox Veteran
mh1	Segovian Angel
mh1	Serra the Benevolent
mh1	Settle Beyond Reality
mh1	Shelter
mh1	Sisay, Weatherlight Captain
mh1	Soul-Strike Technique
mh1	Splicer's Skill
mh1	Stirring Address
mh1	Trustworthy Scout
mh1	Valiant Changeling
mh1	Vesperlark
mh1	Wall of One Thousand Cuts
mh1	Winds of Abandon
mh1	Wing Shards
mh1	Zhalfirin Decoy
mh1	Archmage's Charm
mh1	Bazaar Trademage
mh1	Blizzard Strix
mh1	Chillerpillar
mh1	Choking Tethers
mh1	Cunning Evasion
mh1	Echo of Eons
mh1	Everdream
mh1	Exclude
mh1	Eyekite
mh1	Fact or Fiction
mh1	Faerie Seer
mh1	Force of Negation
mh1	Future Sight
mh1	Iceberg Cancrix
mh1	Man-o'-War
mh1	Marit Lage's Slumber
mh1	Mirrodin Besieged
mh1	Mist-Syndicate Naga
mh1	Moonblade Shinobi
mh1	Oneirophage
mh1	Phantasmal Form
mh1	Phantom Ninja
mh1	Pondering Mage
mh1	Prohibit
mh1	Rain of Revelation
mh1	Rebuild
mh1	Scour All Possibilities
mh1	Scuttling Sliver
mh1	Smoke Shroud
mh1	Spell Snuff
mh1	Stream of Thought
mh1	String of Disappearances
mh1	Tribute Mage
mh1	Twisted Reflection
mh1	Urza, Lord High Artificer
mh1	Watcher for Tomorrow
mh1	Windcaller Aven
mh1	Winter's Rest
mh1	Azra Smokeshaper
mh1	Cabal Therapist
mh1	Carrion Feeder
mh1	Changeling Outcast
mh1	Cordial Vampire
mh1	Crypt Rats
mh1	Dead of Winter
mh1	Defile
mh1	Diabolic Edict
mh1	Dregscape Sliver
mh1	Endling
mh1	Feaster of Fools
mh1	First-Sphere Gargantua
mh1	Force of Despair
mh1	Gluttonous Slug
mh1	Graveshifter
mh1	Headless Specter
mh1	Mind Rake
mh1	Mob
mh1	Nether Spirit
mh1	Ninja of the New Moon
mh1	Plague Engineer
mh1	Putrid Goblin
mh1	Rank Officer
mh1	Ransack the Lab
mh1	Return from Extinction
mh1	Sadistic Obsession
mh1	Shatter Assumptions
mh1	Silumgar Scavenger
mh1	Sling-Gang Lieutenant
mh1	Smiting Helix
mh1	Throatseeker
mh1	Umezawa's Charm
mh1	Undead Augur
mh1	Unearth
mh1	Venomous Changeling
mh1	Warteye Witch
mh1	Yawgmoth, Thran Physician
mh1	Alpine Guide
mh1	Aria of Flame
mh1	Bladeback Sliver
mh1	Bogardan Dragonheart
mh1	Cleaving Sliver
mh1	Firebolt
mh1	Fists of Flame
mh1	Force of Rage
mh1	Geomancer's Gambit
mh1	Goatnap
mh1	Goblin Champion
mh1	Goblin Engineer
mh1	Goblin Matron
mh1	Goblin Oriflamme
mh1	Goblin War Party
mh1	Hollowhead Sliver
mh1	Igneous Elemental
mh1	Lava Dart
mh1	Magmatic Sinkhole
mh1	Orcish Hellraiser
mh1	Ore-Scale Guardian
mh1	Pashalik Mons
mh1	Pillage
mh1	Planebound Accomplice
mh1	Pyrophobia
mh1	Quakefoot Cyclops
mh1	Ravenous Giant
mh1	Reckless Charge
mh1	Seasoned Pyromancer
mh1	Shenanigans
mh1	Spinehorn Minotaur
mh1	Spiteful Sliver
mh1	Tectonic Reformation
mh1	Throes of Chaos
mh1	Urza's Rage
mh1	Vengeful Devil
mh1	Viashino Sandsprinter
mh1	Volatile Claws
mh1	Ayula, Queen Among Bears
mh1	Ayula's Influence
mh1	Bellowing Elk
mh1	Collector Ouphe
mh1	Conifer Wurm
mh1	Crashing Footfalls
mh1	Deep Forest Hermit
mh1	Elvish Fury
mh1	Excavating Anurid
mh1	Force of Vigor
mh1	Frostwalla
mh1	Genesis
mh1	Glacial Revelation
mh1	Hexdrinker
mh1	Krosan Tusker
mh1	Llanowar Tribe
mh1	Mother Bear
mh1	Murasa Behemoth
mh1	Nantuko Cultivator
mh1	Nimble Mongoose
mh1	Regrowth
mh1	Rime Tender
mh1	Saddled Rimestag
mh1	Savage Swipe
mh1	Scale Up
mh1	Spore Frog
mh1	Springbloom Druid
mh1	Squirrel Nest
mh1	Tempered Sliver
mh1	Thornado
mh1	Treefolk Umbra
mh1	Treetop Ambusher
mh1	Trumpeting Herd
mh1	Twin-Silk Spider
mh1	Unbound Flourishing
mh1	Wall of Blossoms
mh1	Weather the Storm
mh1	Webweaver Changeling
mh1	Winding Way
mh1	Abominable Treefolk
mh1	Cloudshredder Sliver
mh1	Collected Conjuring
mh1	Eladamri's Call
mh1	Etchings of the Chosen
mh1	Fallen Shinobi
mh1	The First Sliver
mh1	Good-Fortune Unicorn
mh1	Hogaak, Arisen Necropolis
mh1	Ice-Fang Coatl
mh1	Ingenious Infiltrator
mh1	Kaya's Guile
mh1	Kess, Dissident Mage
mh1	Lavabelly Sliver
mh1	Lightning Skelemental
mh1	Munitions Expert
mh1	Nature's Chant
mh1	Reap the Past
mh1	Rotwidow Pack
mh1	Ruination Rioter
mh1	Soulherder
mh1	Thundering Djinn
mh1	Unsettled Mariner
mh1	Wrenn and Six
mh1	Altar of Dementia
mh1	Amorphous Axe
mh1	Arcum's Astrolabe
mh1	Birthing Boughs
mh1	Farmstead Gleaner
mh1	Fountain of Ichor
mh1	Icehide Golem
mh1	Lesser Masticore
mh1	Mox Tantalite
mh1	Scrapyard Recombiner
mh1	Sword of Sinew and Steel
mh1	Sword of Truth and Justice
mh1	Talisman of Conviction
mh1	Talisman of Creativity
mh1	Talisman of Curiosity
mh1	Talisman of Hierarchy
mh1	Talisman of Resilience
mh1	Universal Automaton
mh1	Barren Moor
mh1	Cave of Temptation
mh1	Fiery Islet
mh1	Forgotten Cave
mh1	Frostwalk Bastion
mh1	Hall of Heliod's Generosity
mh1	Lonely Sandbar
mh1	Nurturing Peatland
mh1	Prismatic Vista
mh1	Secluded Steppe
mh1	Silent Clearing
mh1	Sunbaked Canyon
mh1	Tranquil Thicket
mh1	Waterlogged Grove
mh1	Snow-Covered Plains
mh1	Snow-Covered Island
mh1	Snow-Covered Swamp
mh1	Snow-Covered Mountain
mh1	Snow-Covered Forest
mh1	Flusterstorm
m20	Aerial Assault
m20	Ajani, Strength of the Pride
m20	Ancestral Blade
m20	Angel of Vitality
m20	Angelic Gift
m20	Apostle of Purifying Light
m20	Battalion Foot Soldier
m20	Bishop of Wings
m20	Brought Back
m20	Cavalier of Dawn
m20	Dawning Angel
m20	Daybreak Chaplain
m20	Devout Decree
m20	Disenchant
m20	Eternal Isolation
m20	Fencing Ace
m20	Gauntlets of Light
m20	Glaring Aegis
m20	Gods Willing
m20	Griffin Protector
m20	Griffin Sentinel
m20	Hanged Executioner
m20	Herald of the Sun
m20	Inspired Charge
m20	Inspiring Captain
m20	Leyline of Sanctity
m20	Loxodon Lifechanter
m20	Loyal Pegasus
m20	Master Splicer
m20	Moment of Heroism
m20	Moorland Inquisitor
m20	Pacifism
m20	Planar Cleansing
m20	Raise the Alarm
m20	Rule of Law
m20	Sephara, Sky's Blade
m20	Soulmender
m20	Squad Captain
m20	Starfield Mystic
m20	Steadfast Sentry
m20	Yoked Ox
m20	Aether Gust
m20	Agent of Treachery
m20	Air Elemental
m20	Anticipate
m20	Atemsis, All-Seeing
m20	Befuddle
m20	Bone to Ash
m20	Boreal Elemental
m20	Brineborn Cutthroat
m20	Captivating Gyre
m20	Cavalier of Gales
m20	Cerulean Drake
m20	Cloudkin Seer
m20	Convolute
m20	Drawn from Dreams
m20	Dungeon Geists
m20	Faerie Miscreant
m20	Flood of Tears
m20	Fortress Crab
m20	Frilled Sea Serpent
m20	Frost Lynx
m20	Hard Cover
m20	Leyline of Anticipation
m20	Masterful Replication
m20	Metropolis Sprite
m20	Moat Piranhas
m20	Mu Yanling, Sky Dancer
m20	Negate
m20	Octoprophet
m20	Portal of Sanctuary
m20	Renowned Weaponsmith
m20	Sage's Row Denizen
m20	Scholar of the Ages
m20	Sleep Paralysis
m20	Spectral Sailor
m20	Tale's End
m20	Unsummon
m20	Warden of Evos Isle
m20	Winged Words
m20	Yarok's Wavecrasher
m20	Zephyr Charge
m20	Agonizing Syphon
m20	Audacious Thief
m20	Barony Vampire
m20	Bladebrand
m20	Blightbeetle
m20	Blood Burglar
m20	Blood for Bones
m20	Bloodsoaked Altar
m20	Bloodthirsty Aerialist
m20	Bone Splinters
m20	Boneclad Necromancer
m20	Cavalier of Night
m20	Disfigure
m20	Dread Presence
m20	Duress
m20	Embodiment of Agonies
m20	Epicure of Blood
m20	Fathom Fleet Cutthroat
m20	Feral Abomination
m20	Gorging Vulture
m20	Gravedigger
m20	Gruesome Scourger
m20	Knight of the Ebon Legion
m20	Legion's End
m20	Leyline of the Void
m20	Mind Rot
m20	Murder
m20	Noxious Grasp
m20	Rotting Regisaur
m20	Sanitarium Skeleton
m20	Scheming Symmetry
m20	Sorcerer of the Fang
m20	Sorin, Imperious Bloodlord
m20	Soul Salvage
m20	Thought Distortion
m20	Undead Servant
m20	Unholy Indenture
m20	Vampire of the Dire Moon
m20	Vengeful Warchief
m20	Vilis, Broker of Blood
m20	Yarok's Fenlurker
m20	Act of Treason
m20	Cavalier of Flame
m20	Chandra, Acolyte of Flame
m20	Chandra, Awakened Inferno
m20	Chandra, Novice Pyromancer
m20	Chandra's Embercat
m20	Chandra's Outrage
m20	Chandra's Regulator
m20	Chandra's Spitfire
m20	Daggersail Aeronaut
m20	Destructive Digger
m20	Dragon Mage
m20	Drakuseth, Maw of Flames
m20	Ember Hauler
m20	Fire Elemental
m20	Flame Sweep
m20	Fry
m20	Glint-Horn Buccaneer
m20	Goblin Bird-Grabber
m20	Goblin Ringleader
m20	Goblin Smuggler
m20	Infuriate
m20	Keldon Raider
m20	Lavakin Brawler
m20	Leyline of Combustion
m20	Maniacal Rage
m20	Marauding Raptor
m20	Mask of Immolation
m20	Pack Mastiff
m20	Rapacious Dragon
m20	Reckless Air Strike
m20	Reduce to Ashes
m20	Repeated Reverberation
m20	Ripscale Predator
m20	Scampering Scorcher
m20	Scorch Spitter
m20	Shock
m20	Tectonic Rift
m20	Thunderkin Awakener
m20	Uncaged Fury
m20	Unchained Berserker
m20	Barkhide Troll
m20	Brightwood Tracker
m20	Cavalier of Thorns
m20	Centaur Courser
m20	Elvish Reclaimer
m20	Feral Invocation
m20	Ferocious Pup
m20	Gargos, Vicious Watcher
m20	Gift of Paradise
m20	Greenwood Sentinel
m20	Growth Cycle
m20	Healer of the Glade
m20	Howling Giant
m20	Leafkin Druid
m20	Leyline of Abundance
m20	Loaming Shaman
m20	Mammoth Spider
m20	Might of the Masses
m20	Natural End
m20	Netcaster Spider
m20	Nightpack Ambusher
m20	Overcome
m20	Overgrowth Elemental
m20	Plummet
m20	Pulse of Murasa
m20	Rabid Bite
m20	Season of Growth
m20	Sedge Scorpion
m20	Shared Summons
m20	Shifting Ceratops
m20	Silverback Shaman
m20	Thicket Crasher
m20	Thrashing Brontodon
m20	Veil of Summer
m20	Vivien, Arkbow Ranger
m20	Voracious Hydra
m20	Vorstclaw
m20	Wakeroot Elemental
m20	Wolfkin Bond
m20	Wolfrider's Saddle
m20	Woodland Champion
m20	Corpse Knight
m20	Creeping Trailblazer
m20	Empyrean Eagle
m20	Ironroot Warlord
m20	Kaalia, Zenith Seeker
m20	Kethis, the Hidden Hand
m20	Kykar, Wind's Fury
m20	Lightning Stormkin
m20	Moldervine Reclamation
m20	Ogre Siegebreaker
m20	Omnath, Locus of the Roil
m20	Risen Reef
m20	Skyknight Vanguard
m20	Tomebound Lich
m20	Yarok, the Desecrated
m20	Anvilwrought Raptor
m20	Bag of Holding
m20	Colossus Hammer
m20	Diamond Knight
m20	Diviner's Lockbox
m20	Golos, Tireless Pilgrim
m20	Grafdigger's Cage
m20	Heart-Piercer Bow
m20	Icon of Ancestry
m20	Manifold Key
m20	Marauder's Axe
m20	Meteor Golem
m20	Mystic Forge
m20	Pattern Matcher
m20	Prismite
m20	Retributive Wand
m20	Salvager of Ruin
m20	Scuttlemutt
m20	Steel Overseer
m20	Stone Golem
m20	Vial of Dragonfire
m20	Bloodfell Caves
m20	Blossoming Sands
m20	Cryptic Caves
m20	Dismal Backwater
m20	Evolving Wilds
m20	Field of the Dead
m20	Jungle Hollow
m20	Lotus Field
m20	Rugged Highlands
m20	Scoured Barrens
m20	Swiftwater Cliffs
m20	Temple of Epiphany
m20	Temple of Malady
m20	Temple of Mystery
m20	Temple of Silence
m20	Temple of Triumph
m20	Thornwood Falls
m20	Tranquil Cove
m20	Wind-Scarred Crag
m20	Plains
m20	Island
m20	Swamp
m20	Mountain
m20	Forest
m20	Rienne, Angel of Rebirth
m20	Ajani, Inspiring Leader
m20	Goldmane Griffin
m20	Savannah Sage
m20	Twinblade Paladin
m20	Mu Yanling, Celestial Wind
m20	Celestial Messenger
m20	Waterkin Shaman
m20	Yanling's Harbinger
m20	Sorin, Vampire Lord
m20	Savage Gorger
m20	Sorin's Guide
m20	Thirsting Bloodlord
m20	Chandra, Flame's Fury
m20	Chandra's Flame Wave
m20	Pyroclastic Elemental
m20	Wildfire Elemental
m20	Vivien, Nature's Avenger
m20	Ethereal Elk
m20	Gnarlback Rhino
m20	Vivien's Crocodile
m20	Angelic Guardian
m20	Bastion Enforcer
m20	Concordia Pegasus
m20	Haazda Officer
m20	Impassioned Orator
m20	Imperial Outrider
m20	Ironclad Krovod
m20	Prowling Caracal
m20	Serra's Guardian
m20	Show of Valor
m20	Siege Mastodon
m20	Take Vengeance
m20	Trusted Pegasus
m20	Coral Merfolk
m20	Phantom Warrior
m20	Riddlemaster Sphinx
m20	Snapping Drake
m20	Bartizan Bats
m20	Bogstomper
m20	Dark Remedy
m20	Disentomb
m20	Gravewaker
m20	Skeleton Archer
m20	Sorin's Thirst
m20	Vampire Opportunist
m20	Walking Corpse
m20	Engulfing Eruption
m20	Fearless Halberdier
m20	Goblin Assailant
m20	Hostile Minotaur
m20	Immortal Phoenix
m20	Nimble Birdsticker
m20	Rubblebelt Recluse
m20	Shivan Dragon
m20	Volcanic Dragon
m20	Aggressive Mammoth
m20	Bristling Boar
m20	Canopy Spider
m20	Frilled Sandwalla
m20	Oakenform
m20	Prized Unicorn
m20	Titanic Growth
m20	Woodland Mystic
c19	Cliffside Rescuer
c19	Commander's Insignia
c19	Doomed Artisan
c19	Mandate of Peace
c19	Sevinne's Reclamation
c19	Song of the Worldsoul
c19	Thalia's Geistcaller
c19	Kadena's Silencer
c19	Leadership Vacuum
c19	Mass Diminish
c19	Sudden Substitution
c19	Thought Sponge
c19	Wall of Stolen Identity
c19	Archfiend of Spite
c19	Bone Miser
c19	Curse of Fool's Wisdom
c19	Gift of Doom
c19	K'rrik, Son of Yawgmoth
c19	Mire in Misery
c19	Nightmare Unmaking
c19	Thieving Amalgam
c19	Anje's Ravager
c19	Backdraft Hellkite
c19	Dockside Extortionist
c19	Ghired's Belligerence
c19	Hate Mirage
c19	Ignite the Future
c19	Skyfire Phoenix
c19	Tectonic Hellion
c19	Wildfire Devils
c19	Apex Altisaur
c19	Full Flowering
c19	Ohran Frostfang
c19	Road of Return
c19	Selesnya Eulogist
c19	Voice of Many
c19	Anje Falkenrath
c19	Atla Palani, Nest Tender
c19	Chainer, Nightmare Adept
c19	Elsha of the Infinite
c19	Gerrard, Weatherlight Hero
c19	Ghired, Conclave Exile
c19	Greven, Predator Captain
c19	Grismold, the Dreadsower
c19	Kadena, Slinking Sorcerer
c19	Marisi, Breaker of the Coil
c19	Pramikon, Sky Rampart
c19	Rayami, First of the Fallen
c19	Sevinne, the Chronoclasm
c19	Tahngarth, First Mate
c19	Volrath, the Shapestealer
c19	Aeon Engine
c19	Bloodthirsty Blade
c19	Empowered Autogenerator
c19	Idol of Oblivion
c19	Pendant of Prosperity
c19	Scaretiller
c19	Scroll of Fate
c19	Sanctum of Eternity
c19	Desolation Twin
c19	Angel of Sanctions
c19	Divine Reckoning
c19	Dawn
c19	Dusk
c19	Ghostly Prison
c19	Hour of Reckoning
c19	Increasing Devotion
c19	Intangible Virtue
c19	Phyrexian Rebirth
c19	Prismatic Strands
c19	Pristine Angel
c19	Purify the Grave
c19	Ray of Distortion
c19	Roc Egg
c19	Rootborn Defenses
c19	Storm Herd
c19	Sun Titan
c19	Trostani's Judgment
c19	Wingmate Roc
c19	Zetalpa, Primal Dawn
c19	Chemister's Insight
c19	Chromeshell Crab
c19	Clever Impersonator
c19	Deep Analysis
c19	Echoing Truth
c19	Fact or Fiction
c19	Fervent Denial
c19	Ixidron
c19	Jace's Sanctum
c19	Kheru Spellsnatcher
c19	Mystic Retrieval
c19	Oona's Grace
c19	Reality Shift
c19	River Kelpie
c19	Runic Repetition
c19	Secrets of the Dead
c19	Stratus Dancer
c19	Talrand, Sky Summoner
c19	Tezzeret's Gambit
c19	Think Twice
c19	Thousand Winds
c19	Vesuvan Shapeshifter
c19	Willbender
c19	Asylum Visitor
c19	Bane of the Living
c19	Beacon of Unrest
c19	Big Game Hunter
c19	Boneyard Parley
c19	Call to the Netherworld
c19	Champion of Stray Souls
c19	Dark Withering
c19	Doomed Necromancer
c19	Faith of the Devoted
c19	From Under the Floorboards
c19	Geth, Lord of the Vault
c19	Ghastly Conscription
c19	Gorgon Recluse
c19	Grave Scrabbler
c19	Grim Haruspex
c19	Hedonist's Trove
c19	Hex
c19	In Garruk's Wake
c19	Murderous Compulsion
c19	Nightshade Assassin
c19	Ob Nixilis Reignited
c19	Overseer of the Damned
c19	Plaguecrafter
c19	Sanitarium Skeleton
c19	Silumgar Assassin
c19	Skinthinner
c19	Soul of Innistrad
c19	The Eldest Reborn
c19	Zombie Infestation
c19	Alchemist's Greeting
c19	Avacyn's Judgment
c19	Burning Vengeance
c19	Chaos Warp
c19	Desperate Ravings
c19	Devil's Play
c19	Dragonmaster Outcast
c19	Faithless Looting
c19	Feldon of the Third Path
c19	Fiery Temper
c19	Flamerush Rider
c19	Flayer of the Hatebound
c19	Guttersnipe
c19	Heart-Piercer Manticore
c19	Increasing Vengeance
c19	Magmaquake
c19	Magus of the Wheel
c19	Malevolent Whispers
c19	Rolling Temblor
c19	Squee, Goblin Nabob
c19	Stromkirk Occultist
c19	Violent Eruption
c19	Warstorm Surge
c19	Ainok Survivalist
c19	Beast Within
c19	Colossal Majesty
c19	Cultivate
c19	Deathmist Raptor
c19	Den Protector
c19	Druid's Deliverance
c19	Elemental Bond
c19	Explore
c19	Farseek
c19	Fresh Meat
c19	Garruk, Primal Hunter
c19	Garruk's Packleader
c19	Giant Adephage
c19	Great Oak Guardian
c19	Harmonize
c19	Hooded Hydra
c19	Momentous Fall
c19	Nantuko Vigilante
c19	Overwhelming Stampede
c19	Rampaging Baloths
c19	Sakura-Tribe Elder
c19	Second Harvest
c19	Seedborn Muse
c19	Shamanic Revelation
c19	Slice in Twain
c19	Soul of Zendikar
c19	Tempt with Discovery
c19	Thelonite Hermit
c19	Thragtusk
c19	Trail of Mystery
c19	Biomass Mutation
c19	Bloodhall Priest
c19	Bounty of the Luxa
c19	Crackling Drake
c19	Emmara Tandris
c19	Farm
c19	Market
c19	Growing Ranks
c19	Icefeather Aven
c19	Naya Charm
c19	Pristine Skywise
c19	Putrefy
c19	Ral Zarek
c19	Cooperate
c19	Refuse
c19	Sagu Mauler
c19	Secret Plans
c19	Sultai Charm
c19	Sundering Growth
c19	Trostani, Selesnya's Voice
c19	Urban Evolution
c19	Vitu-Ghazi Guildmage
c19	Vraska the Unseen
c19	Wayfaring Temple
c19	Armillary Sphere
c19	Azorius Locket
c19	Burnished Hart
c19	Commander's Sphere
c19	Grimoire of the Dead
c19	Hedron Archive
c19	Izzet Locket
c19	Key to the City
c19	Lightning Greaves
c19	Meteor Golem
c19	Mimic Vat
c19	Rakdos Locket
c19	Sol Ring
c19	Solemn Simulacrum
c19	Soul Foundry
c19	Strionic Resonator
c19	Thran Dynamo
c19	Akoum Refuge
c19	Ash Barrens
c19	Azorius Chancery
c19	Barren Moor
c19	Bloodfell Caves
c19	Blossoming Sands
c19	Bojuka Bog
c19	Boros Garrison
c19	Boros Guildgate
c19	Cinder Barrens
c19	Cinder Glade
c19	Command Tower
c19	Darkwater Catacombs
c19	Dimir Aqueduct
c19	Drownyard Temple
c19	Evolving Wilds
c19	Exotic Orchard
c19	Forgotten Cave
c19	Foul Orchard
c19	Gargoyle Castle
c19	Geier Reach Sanitarium
c19	Golgari Guildgate
c19	Golgari Rot Farm
c19	Graypelt Refuge
c19	Gruul Turf
c19	Highland Lake
c19	Izzet Boilerworks
c19	Izzet Guildgate
c19	Jungle Hollow
c19	Jungle Shrine
c19	Kazandu Refuge
c19	Krosan Verge
c19	Llanowar Wastes
c19	Memorial to Folly
c19	Mortuary Mire
c19	Myriad Landscape
c19	Mystic Monastery
c19	Naya Panorama
c19	Opulent Palace
c19	Prairie Stream
c19	Rakdos Carnarium
c19	Rakdos Guildgate
c19	Reliquary Tower
c19	Rix Maadi, Dungeon Palace
c19	Rogue's Passage
c19	Rugged Highlands
c19	Selesnya Sanctuary
c19	Shrine of the Forsaken Gods
c19	Simic Growth Chamber
c19	Simic Guildgate
c19	Stone Quarry
c19	Sungrass Prairie
c19	Sunken Hollow
c19	Swiftwater Cliffs
c19	Temple of the False God
c19	Terramorphic Expanse
c19	Thespian's Stage
c19	Thornwood Falls
c19	Tranquil Cove
c19	Wind-Scarred Crag
c19	Woodland Stream
c19	Yavimaya Coast
c19	Plains
c19	Island
c19	Swamp
c19	Mountain
c19	Forest
gn2	Highcliff Felidar
gn2	Sphinx of Enlightenment
gn2	Calculating Lich
gn2	Fiendish Duo
gn2	Earthshaker Giant
thb	Alseid of Life's Bounty
thb	Archon of Falling Stars
thb	Archon of Sun's Grace
thb	Banishing Light
thb	The Birth of Meletis
thb	Captivating Unicorn
thb	Commanding Presence
thb	Dawn Evangel
thb	Daxos, Blessed by the Sun
thb	Daybreak Chimera
thb	Dreadful Apathy
thb	Eidolon of Obstruction
thb	Elspeth Conquers Death
thb	Elspeth, Sun's Nemesis
thb	Favored of Iroas
thb	Flicker of Fate
thb	Glory Bearers
thb	Heliod, Sun-Crowned
thb	Heliod's Intervention
thb	Heliod's Pilgrim
thb	Heliod's Punishment
thb	Hero of the Pride
thb	Hero of the Winds
thb	Idyllic Tutor
thb	Indomitable Will
thb	Karametra's Blessing
thb	Lagonna-Band Storyteller
thb	Leonin of the Lost Pride
thb	Nyxborn Courser
thb	Omen of the Sun
thb	Phalanx Tactics
thb	Pious Wayfarer
thb	Reverent Hoplite
thb	Revoke Existence
thb	Rumbling Sentry
thb	Sentinel's Eyes
thb	Shatter the Sky
thb	Sunmane Pegasus
thb	Taranika, Akroan Veteran
thb	Transcendent Envoy
thb	Triumphant Surge
thb	Alirios, Enraptured
thb	Ashiok's Erasure
thb	Brine Giant
thb	Callaphe, Beloved of the Sea
thb	Chain to Memory
thb	Deny the Divine
thb	Eidolon of Philosophy
thb	Elite Instructor
thb	Glimpse of Freedom
thb	Ichthyomorphosis
thb	Kiora Bests the Sea God
thb	Medomai's Prophecy
thb	Memory Drain
thb	Nadir Kraken
thb	Naiad of Hidden Coves
thb	Nyxborn Seaguard
thb	Omen of the Sea
thb	One with the Stars
thb	Protean Thaumaturge
thb	Riptide Turtle
thb	Sage of Mysteries
thb	Sea God's Scorn
thb	Shimmerwing Chimera
thb	Shoal Kraken
thb	Sleep of the Dead
thb	Starlit Mantle
thb	Stern Dismissal
thb	Stinging Lionfish
thb	Sweet Oblivion
thb	Thassa, Deep-Dwelling
thb	Thassa's Intervention
thb	Thassa's Oracle
thb	Thirst for Meaning
thb	Threnody Singer
thb	Thryx, the Sudden Storm
thb	Towering-Wave Mystic
thb	Triton Waverider
thb	Vexing Gull
thb	Wavebreak Hippocamp
thb	Whirlwind Denial
thb	Witness of Tomorrows
thb	Agonizing Remorse
thb	Aphemia, the Cacophony
thb	Aspect of Lamprey
thb	Blight-Breath Catoblepas
thb	Cling to Dust
thb	Discordant Piper
thb	Drag to the Underworld
thb	Eat to Extinction
thb	Elspeth's Nightmare
thb	Enemy of Enlightenment
thb	Erebos, Bleak-Hearted
thb	Erebos's Intervention
thb	Final Death
thb	Fruit of Tizerus
thb	Funeral Rites
thb	Gravebreaker Lamia
thb	Gray Merchant of Asphodel
thb	Grim Physician
thb	Hateful Eidolon
thb	Inevitable End
thb	Lampad of Death's Vigil
thb	Minion's Return
thb	Mire Triton
thb	Mire's Grasp
thb	Mogis's Favor
thb	Nightmare Shepherd
thb	Nyxborn Marauder
thb	Omen of the Dead
thb	Pharika's Libation
thb	Pharika's Spawn
thb	Rage-Scarred Berserker
thb	Scavenging Harpy
thb	Soulreaper of Mogis
thb	Temple Thief
thb	Treacherous Blessing
thb	Tymaret Calls the Dead
thb	Tymaret, Chosen from Death
thb	Underworld Charger
thb	Underworld Dreams
thb	Venomous Hierophant
thb	Woe Strider
thb	The Akroan War
thb	Anax, Hardened in the Forge
thb	Arena Trickster
thb	Aspect of Manticore
thb	Blood Aspirant
thb	Careless Celebrant
thb	Dreamshaper Shaman
thb	Dreamstalker Manticore
thb	Escape Velocity
thb	Fateful End
thb	Final Flare
thb	Flummoxed Cyclops
thb	Furious Rise
thb	Hero of the Games
thb	Heroes of the Revel
thb	Impending Doom
thb	Incendiary Oracle
thb	Infuriate
thb	Iroas's Blessing
thb	Irreverent Revelers
thb	Nyxborn Brute
thb	Omen of the Forge
thb	Oread of Mountain's Blaze
thb	Ox of Agonas
thb	Phoenix of Ash
thb	Portent of Betrayal
thb	Purphoros, Bronze-Blooded
thb	Purphoros's Intervention
thb	Satyr's Cunning
thb	Skophos Maze-Warden
thb	Skophos Warleader
thb	Stampede Rider
thb	Storm Herald
thb	Storm's Wrath
thb	Tectonic Giant
thb	Thrill of Possibility
thb	The Triumph of Anax
thb	Underworld Breach
thb	Underworld Fires
thb	Underworld Rage-Hound
thb	Wrap in Flames
thb	Arasta of the Endless Web
thb	The Binding of the Titans
thb	Chainweb Aracnir
thb	Destiny Spinner
thb	Dryad of the Ilysian Grove
thb	The First Iroan Games
thb	Gift of Strength
thb	Hydra's Growth
thb	Hyrax Tower Scout
thb	Ilysian Caryatid
thb	Inspire Awe
thb	Klothys's Design
thb	Loathsome Chimera
thb	Mantle of the Wolf
thb	Moss Viper
thb	Mystic Repeal
thb	Nessian Boar
thb	Nessian Hornbeetle
thb	Nessian Wanderer
thb	Nexus Wardens
thb	Nylea, Keen-Eyed
thb	Nylea's Forerunner
thb	Nylea's Huntmaster
thb	Nylea's Intervention
thb	Nyx Herald
thb	Nyxbloom Ancient
thb	Nyxborn Colossus
thb	Omen of the Hunt
thb	Pheres-Band Brawler
thb	Plummet
thb	Relentless Pursuit
thb	Renata, Called to the Hunt
thb	Return to Nature
thb	Setessan Champion
thb	Setessan Petitioner
thb	Setessan Skirmisher
thb	Setessan Training
thb	Skola Grovedancer
thb	Voracious Typhon
thb	Warbriar Blessing
thb	Wolfwillow Haven
thb	Acolyte of Affliction
thb	Allure of the Unknown
thb	Ashiok, Nightmare Muse
thb	Atris, Oracle of Half-Truths
thb	Bronzehide Lion
thb	Calix, Destiny's Hand
thb	Dalakos, Crafter of Wonders
thb	Devourer of Memory
thb	Dream Trawler
thb	Enigmatic Incarnation
thb	Eutropia the Twice-Favored
thb	Gallia of the Endless Dance
thb	Haktos the Unscarred
thb	Hero of the Nyxborn
thb	Klothys, God of Destiny
thb	Kroxa, Titan of Death's Hunger
thb	Kunoros, Hound of Athreos
thb	Mischievous Chimera
thb	Polukranos, Unchained
thb	Rise to Glory
thb	Siona, Captain of the Pyleas
thb	Slaughter-Priest of Mogis
thb	Staggering Insight
thb	Uro, Titan of Nature's Wrath
thb	Warden of the Chained
thb	Altar of the Pantheon
thb	Bronze Sword
thb	Entrancing Lyre
thb	Mirror Shield
thb	Nyx Lotus
thb	Shadowspear
thb	Soul-Guide Lantern
thb	Thaumaturge's Familiar
thb	Thundering Chariot
thb	Traveler's Amulet
thb	Wings of Hubris
thb	Field of Ruin
thb	Labyrinth of Skophos
thb	Temple of Abandon
thb	Temple of Deceit
thb	Temple of Enlightenment
thb	Temple of Malice
thb	Temple of Plenty
thb	Unknown Shores
thb	Plains
thb	Island
thb	Swamp
thb	Mountain
thb	Forest
thb	Athreos, Shroud-Veiled
thb	Elspeth, Undaunted Hero
thb	Eidolon of Inspiration
thb	Elspeth's Devotee
thb	Sunlit Hoplite
thb	Ashiok, Sculptor of Fears
thb	Swimmer in Nightmares
thb	Mindwrack Harpy
thb	Ashiok's Forerunner
thb	Grasping Giant
thb	Victory's Envoy
thb	Sphinx Mindbreaker
thb	Serpent of Yawning Depths
thb	Demon of Loathing
thb	Underworld Sentinel
thb	Deathbellow War Cry
thb	Terror of Mount Velus
thb	Ironscale Hydra
thb	Treeshaker Chimera
eld	Acclaimed Contender
eld	All That Glitters
eld	Archon of Absolution
eld	Ardenvale Paladin
eld	Ardenvale Tactician
eld	Dizzying Swoop
eld	Bartered Cow
eld	Beloved Princess
eld	Charming Prince
eld	The Circle of Loyalty
eld	Deafening Silence
eld	Faerie Guidemother
eld	Gift of the Fae
eld	Flutterfox
eld	Fortifying Provisions
eld	Chop Down
eld	Giant Killer
eld	Glass Casket
eld	Happily Ever After
eld	Harmonious Archon
eld	Hushbringer
eld	Knight of the Keep
eld	Linden, the Steadfast Queen
eld	Lonesome Unicorn
eld	Rider in Need
eld	Mysterious Pathlighter
eld	Outflank
eld	Prized Griffin
eld	Rally for the Throne
eld	Cast Off
eld	Realm-Cloaked Giant
eld	Righteousness
eld	Shepherd of the Flock
eld	Usher to Safety
eld	Shining Armor
eld	Silverflame Ritual
eld	On Alert
eld	Silverflame Squire
eld	Syr Alin, the Lion's Claw
eld	Trapped in the Tower
eld	True Love's Kiss
eld	Venerable Knight
eld	Worthy Knight
eld	Youthful Knight
eld	Animating Faerie
eld	Bring to Life
eld	Brazen Borrower
eld	Petty Theft
eld	Charmed Sleep
eld	Corridor Monitor
eld	Didn't Say Please
eld	Emry, Lurker of the Loch
eld	Fae of Wishes
eld	Granted
eld	Faerie Vandal
eld	Folio of Fancies
eld	Frogify
eld	Gadwick, the Wizened
eld	Hypnotic Sprite
eld	Mesmeric Glare
eld	Into the Story
eld	The Magic Mirror
eld	Mantle of Tides
eld	Merfolk Secretkeeper
eld	Venture Deeper
eld	Midnight Clock
eld	Mirrormade
eld	Mistford River Turtle
eld	Moonlit Scavengers
eld	Mystical Dispute
eld	Opt
eld	Overwhelmed Apprentice
eld	Queen of Ice
eld	Rage of Winter
eld	Run Away Together
eld	Sage of the Falls
eld	So Tiny
eld	Steelgaze Griffin
eld	Stolen by the Fae
eld	Syr Elenora, the Discerning
eld	Tome Raider
eld	Turn into a Pumpkin
eld	Unexplained Vision
eld	Vantress Gargoyle
eld	Vantress Paladin
eld	Wishful Merfolk
eld	Witching Well
eld	Ayara, First of Locthwain
eld	Bake into a Pie
eld	Barrow Witches
eld	Belle of the Brawl
eld	Blacklance Paragon
eld	Bog Naughty
eld	Cauldron Familiar
eld	The Cauldron of Eternity
eld	Cauldron's Gift
eld	Clackbridge Troll
eld	Epic Downfall
eld	Eye Collector
eld	Festive Funeral
eld	Foreboding Fruit
eld	Forever Young
eld	Foulmire Knight
eld	Profane Insight
eld	Giant's Skewer
eld	Lash of Thorns
eld	Locthwain Paladin
eld	Lost Legion
eld	Malevolent Noble
eld	Memory Theft
eld	Murderous Rider
eld	Swift End
eld	Oathsworn Knight
eld	Alter Fate
eld	Order of Midnight
eld	Piper of the Swarm
eld	Rankle, Master of Pranks
eld	Harvest Fear
eld	Reaper of Night
eld	Reave Soul
eld	Revenge of Ravens
eld	Curry Favor
eld	Smitten Swordmaster
eld	Specter's Shriek
eld	Syr Konrad, the Grim
eld	Tempting Witch
eld	Wicked Guardian
eld	Wishclaw Talisman
eld	Witch's Vengeance
eld	Barge In
eld	Bloodhaze Wolverine
eld	Blow Your House Down
eld	Bonecrusher Giant
eld	Stomp
eld	Brimstone Trebuchet
eld	Burning-Yard Trainer
eld	Claim the Firstborn
eld	Crystal Slipper
eld	Embercleave
eld	Embereth Paladin
eld	Battle Display
eld	Embereth Shieldbreaker
eld	Ferocity of the Wilds
eld	Fervent Champion
eld	Fires of Invention
eld	Fling
eld	Irencrag Feat
eld	Irencrag Pyromancer
eld	Joust
eld	Mad Ratter
eld	Haggle
eld	Merchant of the Vale
eld	Ogre Errant
eld	Opportunistic Dragon
eld	Raging Redcap
eld	Redcap Melee
eld	Redcap Raiders
eld	Boulder Rush
eld	Rimrock Knight
eld	Robber of the Rich
eld	Scorching Dragonfire
eld	Searing Barrage
eld	Seven Dwarves
eld	Skullknocker Ogre
eld	Slaying Fire
eld	Sundering Stroke
eld	Syr Carah, the Bold
eld	Thrill of Possibility
eld	Torbran, Thane of Red Fell
eld	Weaselback Redcap
eld	Beanstalk Giant
eld	Fertile Footsteps
eld	Curious Pair
eld	Treats to Share
eld	Edgewall Innkeeper
eld	Feasting Troll King
eld	Fell the Pheasant
eld	Fierce Witchstalker
eld	Flaxen Intruder
eld	Welcome Home
eld	Garenbrig Carver
eld	Shield's Might
eld	Garenbrig Paladin
eld	Garenbrig Squire
eld	Giant Opportunity
eld	Gilded Goose
eld	The Great Henge
eld	Insatiable Appetite
eld	Keeper of Fables
eld	Kenrith's Transformation
eld	Heart's Desire
eld	Lovestruck Beast
eld	Maraleaf Rider
eld	Oakhame Adversary
eld	Once and Future
eld	Once Upon a Time
eld	Outmuscle
eld	Questing Beast
eld	Return of the Wildspeaker
eld	Return to Nature
eld	Rosethorn Acolyte
eld	Seasonal Ritual
eld	Rosethorn Halberd
eld	Sporecap Spider
eld	Syr Faren, the Hengehammer
eld	Tall as a Beanstalk
eld	Trail of Crumbs
eld	Oaken Boon
eld	Tuinvale Treefolk
eld	Wicked Wolf
eld	Wildborn Preserver
eld	Wildwood Tracker
eld	Wolf's Quarry
eld	Yorvo, Lord of Garenbrig
eld	Dance of the Manse
eld	Doom Foretold
eld	Drown in the Loch
eld	Escape to the Wilds
eld	Faeburrow Elder
eld	Garruk, Cursed Huntsman
eld	Grumgully, the Generous
eld	Improbable Alliance
eld	Inspiring Veteran
eld	Lochmere Serpent
eld	Maraleaf Pixie
eld	Oko, Thief of Crowns
eld	Outlaws' Merriment
eld	The Royal Scions
eld	Savvy Hunter
eld	Shinechaser
eld	Steelclaw Lance
eld	Stormfist Crusader
eld	Wandermare
eld	Wintermoor Commander
eld	Arcanist's Owl
eld	Covetous Urge
eld	Deathless Knight
eld	Elite Headhunter
eld	Fireborn Knight
eld	Loch Dragon
eld	Bring Back
eld	Oakhame Ranger
eld	Rampart Smasher
eld	Resolute Rider
eld	Thunderous Snapper
eld	Clockwork Servant
eld	Crashing Drawbridge
eld	Enchanted Carriage
eld	Gingerbrute
eld	Golden Egg
eld	Henge Walker
eld	Heraldic Banner
eld	Inquisitive Puppet
eld	Jousting Dummy
eld	Locthwain Gargoyle
eld	Lucky Clover
eld	Prophet of the Peak
eld	Roving Keep
eld	Scalding Cauldron
eld	Shambling Suit
eld	Signpost Scarecrow
eld	Sorcerer's Broom
eld	Sorcerous Spyglass
eld	Spinning Wheel
eld	Stonecoil Serpent
eld	Weapon Rack
eld	Witch's Oven
eld	Castle Ardenvale
eld	Castle Embereth
eld	Castle Garenbrig
eld	Castle Locthwain
eld	Castle Vantress
eld	Dwarven Mine
eld	Fabled Passage
eld	Gingerbread Cabin
eld	Idyllic Grange
eld	Mystic Sanctuary
eld	Tournament Grounds
eld	Witch's Cottage
eld	Plains
eld	Plains
eld	Plains
eld	Plains
eld	Island
eld	Island
eld	Island
eld	Island
eld	Swamp
eld	Swamp
eld	Swamp
eld	Swamp
eld	Mountain
eld	Mountain
eld	Mountain
eld	Mountain
eld	Forest
eld	Forest
eld	Forest
eld	Forest
eld	Garruk, Cursed Huntsman
eld	Oko, Thief of Crowns
eld	The Royal Scions
eld	Ardenvale Tactician
eld	Dizzying Swoop
eld	Faerie Guidemother
eld	Gift of the Fae
eld	Chop Down
eld	Giant Killer
eld	Lonesome Unicorn
eld	Rider in Need
eld	Cast Off
eld	Realm-Cloaked Giant
eld	Shepherd of the Flock
eld	Usher to Safety
eld	On Alert
eld	Silverflame Squire
eld	Animating Faerie
eld	Bring to Life
eld	Brazen Borrower
eld	Petty Theft
eld	Fae of Wishes
eld	Granted
eld	Hypnotic Sprite
eld	Mesmeric Glare
eld	Merfolk Secretkeeper
eld	Venture Deeper
eld	Queen of Ice
eld	Rage of Winter
eld	Foulmire Knight
eld	Profane Insight
eld	Murderous Rider
eld	Swift End
eld	Alter Fate
eld	Order of Midnight
eld	Harvest Fear
eld	Reaper of Night
eld	Curry Favor
eld	Smitten Swordmaster
eld	Bonecrusher Giant
eld	Stomp
eld	Battle Display
eld	Embereth Shieldbreaker
eld	Haggle
eld	Merchant of the Vale
eld	Boulder Rush
eld	Rimrock Knight
eld	Beanstalk Giant
eld	Fertile Footsteps
eld	Curious Pair
eld	Treats to Share
eld	Flaxen Intruder
eld	Welcome Home
eld	Garenbrig Carver
eld	Shield's Might
eld	Heart's Desire
eld	Lovestruck Beast
eld	Rosethorn Acolyte
eld	Seasonal Ritual
eld	Oaken Boon
eld	Tuinvale Treefolk
eld	Bring Back
eld	Oakhame Ranger
eld	Kenrith, the Returned King
eld	Rowan, Fearless Sparkmage
eld	Garrison Griffin
eld	Rowan's Battleguard
eld	Rowan's Stalwarts
eld	Wind-Scarred Crag
eld	Oko, the Trickster
eld	Oko's Accomplices
eld	Bramblefort Fink
eld	Oko's Hospitality
eld	Thornwood Falls
eld	Mace of the Valiant
eld	Silverwing Squadron
eld	Faerie Formation
eld	Shimmer Dragon
eld	Workshop Elders
eld	Chittering Witch
eld	Taste of Death
eld	Embereth Skyblazer
eld	Steelbane Hydra
eld	Thorn Mammoth
eld	Alela, Artful Provocateur
eld	Banish into Fable
eld	Chulane, Teller of Tales
eld	Gluttonous Troll
eld	Knights' Charge
eld	Korvold, Fae-Cursed King
eld	Syr Gwyn, Hero of Ashvale
eld	Arcane Signet
eld	Tome of Legends
eld	Command Tower
eld	Acclaimed Contender
eld	Charming Prince
eld	The Circle of Loyalty
eld	Happily Ever After
eld	Harmonious Archon
eld	Hushbringer
eld	Linden, the Steadfast Queen
eld	Worthy Knight
eld	Emry, Lurker of the Loch
eld	Folio of Fancies
eld	Gadwick, the Wizened
eld	The Magic Mirror
eld	Midnight Clock
eld	Mirrormade
eld	Stolen by the Fae
eld	Vantress Gargoyle
eld	Ayara, First of Locthwain
eld	Blacklance Paragon
eld	The Cauldron of Eternity
eld	Clackbridge Troll
eld	Oathsworn Knight
eld	Piper of the Swarm
eld	Rankle, Master of Pranks
eld	Wishclaw Talisman
eld	Witch's Vengeance
eld	Embercleave
eld	Fervent Champion
eld	Fires of Invention
eld	Irencrag Feat
eld	Irencrag Pyromancer
eld	Opportunistic Dragon
eld	Robber of the Rich
eld	Sundering Stroke
eld	Torbran, Thane of Red Fell
eld	Feasting Troll King
eld	Gilded Goose
eld	The Great Henge
eld	Once Upon a Time
eld	Questing Beast
eld	Return of the Wildspeaker
eld	Wicked Wolf
eld	Wildborn Preserver
eld	Yorvo, Lord of Garenbrig
eld	Dance of the Manse
eld	Doom Foretold
eld	Escape to the Wilds
eld	Faeburrow Elder
eld	Lochmere Serpent
eld	Outlaws' Merriment
eld	Stormfist Crusader
eld	Sorcerous Spyglass
eld	Stonecoil Serpent
eld	Castle Ardenvale
eld	Castle Embereth
eld	Castle Garenbrig
eld	Castle Locthwain
eld	Castle Vantress
eld	Fabled Passage
eld	Piper of the Swarm
eld	Glass Casket
eld	Slaying Fire
eld	Kenrith's Transformation
eld	Improbable Alliance
eld	Inspiring Veteran
c20	Trynn, Champion of Freedom
c20	Haldan, Avid Arcanist
c20	Nikara, Lair Scavenger
c20	Brallin, Skyshark Rider
c20	Cazur, Ruthless Stalker
c20	Akim, the Soaring Wind
c20	Gavi, Nest Warden
c20	Jirina Kudro
c20	Kalamax, the Stormsire
c20	Kathril, Aspect Warper
c20	Kelsien, the Plague
c20	Otrimi, the Ever-Playful
c20	Pako, Arcane Retriever
c20	Shabraz, the Skyshark
c20	Silvar, Devourer of the Free
c20	Tayam, Luminous Enigma
c20	Ukkima, Stalking Shadow
c20	Xyris, the Writhing Storm
c20	Yannik, Scavenging Sentinel
c20	Zaxara, the Exemplary
c20	Cryptic Trilobite
c20	Avenging Huntbonder
c20	Call the Coppercoats
c20	Cartographer's Hawk
c20	Dismantling Wave
c20	Flawless Maneuver
c20	Herald of the Forgotten
c20	Martial Impetus
c20	Verge Rangers
c20	Vitality Hunter
c20	Crystalline Resonance
c20	Decoy Gambit
c20	Eon Frolicker
c20	Ethereal Forager
c20	Fierce Guardianship
c20	Nascent Metamorph
c20	Psychic Impetus
c20	Souvenir Snatcher
c20	Tidal Barracuda
c20	Boneyard Mycodrax
c20	Daring Fiendbonder
c20	Deadly Rollick
c20	Dredge the Mire
c20	Mindleecher
c20	Netherborn Altar
c20	Parasitic Impetus
c20	Species Specialist
c20	Titan Hunter
c20	Agitator Ant
c20	Deflecting Swat
c20	Fireflux Squad
c20	Frontier Warmonger
c20	Lavabrink Floodgates
c20	Molten Echoes
c20	Shiny Impetus
c20	Spellpyre Phoenix
c20	Surly Badgersaur
c20	Capricopian
c20	Curious Herd
c20	Glademuse
c20	Obscuring Haze
c20	Predatory Impetus
c20	Ravenous Gigantotherium
c20	Sawtusk Demolisher
c20	Selective Adaptation
c20	Slippery Bogbonder
c20	Bonder's Ornament
c20	Manascape Refractor
c20	Sanctuary Blade
c20	Twinning Staff
c20	Nesting Grounds
c20	Aerial Responder
c20	Akroma, Angel of Wrath
c20	Akroma's Vengeance
c20	Angel of Finality
c20	Astral Drift
c20	Banisher Priest
c20	Bounty Agent
c20	Cast Out
c20	Cataclysmic Gearhulk
c20	Cavalry Pegasus
c20	Citywide Bust
c20	Cleansing Nova
c20	Dearly Departed
c20	Decree of Justice
c20	Descend upon the Sinful
c20	Devout Chaplain
c20	Eternal Dragon
c20	Frontline Medic
c20	Hoofprints of the Stag
c20	Increasing Devotion
c20	Kalemne's Captain
c20	Knight of the White Orchid
c20	Magus of the Disk
c20	Odric, Lunarch Marshal
c20	Odric, Master Tactician
c20	Reveillark
c20	Riders of Gavony
c20	Solemn Recruit
c20	Spirit Cairn
c20	Sun Titan
c20	Sunblast Angel
c20	Thalia's Lieutenant
c20	Thraben Doomsayer
c20	Together Forever
c20	Unexpectedly Absent
c20	Zetalpa, Primal Dawn
c20	Chemister's Insight
c20	Curator of Mysteries
c20	Drake Haven
c20	Frantic Search
c20	Hieroglyphic Illumination
c20	Illusory Ambusher
c20	Jace, Architect of Thought
c20	Lunar Mystic
c20	Mind Spring
c20	Mulldrifter
c20	Murmuring Mystic
c20	New Perspectives
c20	Niblis of Frost
c20	Nimble Obstructionist
c20	Portal Mage
c20	Propaganda
c20	Swarm Intelligence
c20	Talrand, Sky Summoner
c20	Vizier of Tumbling Sands
c20	Whiplash Trap
c20	Windfall
c20	Ambition's Cost
c20	Cairn Wanderer
c20	Deadly Tempest
c20	Disciple of Bolas
c20	Ever After
c20	Painful Truths
c20	Profane Command
c20	Shriekmaw
c20	Soul of Innistrad
c20	Soulflayer
c20	Unburial Rites
c20	Vampire Nighthawk
c20	Xathrid Necromancer
c20	Zulaport Cutthroat
c20	Alesha, Who Smiles at Death
c20	Captivating Crew
c20	Chandra, Flamecaller
c20	Chaos Warp
c20	Charmbreaker Devils
c20	Comet Storm
c20	Commune with Lava
c20	Dualcaster Mage
c20	Etali, Primal Storm
c20	Fumiko the Lowblood
c20	Goblin Dark-Dwellers
c20	Humble Defector
c20	Lightning Rift
c20	Magus of the Wheel
c20	Outpost Siege
c20	Shared Animosity
c20	Slice and Dice
c20	Starstorm
c20	Surreal Memoir
c20	Tectonic Reformation
c20	Titan of Eternal Fire
c20	Vigilante Justice
c20	Acidic Slime
c20	Animist's Awakening
c20	Beast Whisperer
c20	Beast Within
c20	Crop Rotation
c20	Cultivate
c20	Evolution Charm
c20	Genesis Hydra
c20	Harmonize
c20	Harrow
c20	Heroes' Bane
c20	Hornet Queen
c20	Hungering Hydra
c20	Hunter's Insight
c20	Hunting Pack
c20	Kodama's Reach
c20	Krosan Grip
c20	Majestic Myriarch
c20	Masked Admirers
c20	Natural Connection
c20	Predator Ooze
c20	Reclamation Sage
c20	Sakura-Tribe Elder
c20	Satyr Wayfinder
c20	Skullwinder
c20	Slice in Twain
c20	Splinterfright
c20	Strength of the Tajuru
c20	Tribute to the Wild
c20	Vastwood Hydra
c20	Vorapede
c20	Wilderness Reclamation
c20	Yavimaya Dryad
c20	Abzan Ascendancy
c20	Abzan Charm
c20	Adriana, Captain of the Guard
c20	Ajani Unyielding
c20	Archon of Valor's Reach
c20	Artifact Mutation
c20	Cold-Eyed Selkie
c20	Crackling Doom
c20	Crackling Drake
c20	Deadbridge Chant
c20	Deathsprout
c20	Despark
c20	Djinn Illuminatus
c20	Duneblast
c20	Finality
c20	Find
c20	Garna, the Bloodflame
c20	Gaze of Granite
c20	Grisly Salvage
c20	Growth Spiral
c20	Isperia, Supreme Judge
c20	Karametra, God of Harvests
c20	The Locust God
c20	Melek, Izzet Paragon
c20	Mercurial Chemister
c20	Migratory Route
c20	Nahiri, the Harbinger
c20	Nissa, Steward of Elements
c20	Niv-Mizzet, the Firemind
c20	Nyx Weaver
c20	Prophetic Bolt
c20	Putrefy
c20	Rashmi, Eternities Crafter
c20	Temur Charm
c20	Terminate
c20	Trygon Predator
c20	Villainous Wealth
c20	Wort, the Raidmother
c20	Wydwen, the Biting Gale
c20	Abandoned Sarcophagus
c20	Arcane Signet
c20	Azorius Signet
c20	Boros Signet
c20	Commander's Sphere
c20	Fluctuator
c20	Heirloom Blade
c20	Izzet Signet
c20	Lifecrafter's Bestiary
c20	Lightning Greaves
c20	Mimic Vat
c20	Orzhov Signet
c20	Psychosis Crawler
c20	Rakdos Signet
c20	Silent Arbiter
c20	Skullclamp
c20	Sol Ring
c20	Solemn Simulacrum
c20	Swiftfoot Boots
c20	Ash Barrens
c20	Azorius Chancery
c20	Battlefield Forge
c20	Blighted Woodland
c20	Bojuka Bog
c20	Boros Garrison
c20	Canopy Vista
c20	Caves of Koilos
c20	Cinder Glade
c20	Command Tower
c20	Darkwater Catacombs
c20	Desert of the Fervent
c20	Desert of the Mindful
c20	Desert of the True
c20	Desolate Lighthouse
c20	Dimir Aqueduct
c20	Drifting Meadow
c20	Endless Sands
c20	Exotic Orchard
c20	Forgotten Cave
c20	Frontier Bivouac
c20	Gavony Township
c20	Golgari Rot Farm
c20	Grim Backwoods
c20	Gruul Turf
c20	Halimar Depths
c20	Hostile Desert
c20	Irrigated Farmland
c20	Izzet Boilerworks
c20	Kessig Wolf Run
c20	Krosan Verge
c20	Llanowar Wastes
c20	Lonely Sandbar
c20	Memorial to Folly
c20	Mortuary Mire
c20	Mossfire Valley
c20	Mosswort Bridge
c20	Myriad Landscape
c20	Mystic Monastery
c20	Nomad Outpost
c20	Opulent Palace
c20	Oran-Rief, the Vastwood
c20	Orzhov Basilica
c20	Path of Ancestry
c20	Prairie Stream
c20	Rakdos Carnarium
c20	Reliquary Tower
c20	Remote Isle
c20	Rogue's Passage
c20	Rupture Spire
c20	Sandsteppe Citadel
c20	Scavenger Grounds
c20	Secluded Steppe
c20	Selesnya Sanctuary
c20	Shadowblood Ridge
c20	Shivan Reef
c20	Simic Growth Chamber
c20	Skycloud Expanse
c20	Smoldering Crater
c20	Smoldering Marsh
c20	Soaring Seacliff
c20	Spinerock Knoll
c20	Sungrass Prairie
c20	Sunken Hollow
c20	Temple of the False God
c20	Unclaimed Territory
c20	Windbrisk Heights
c20	Yavimaya Coast
iko	Adaptive Shimmerer
iko	Farfinder
iko	Mysterious Egg
iko	Blade Banish
iko	Checkpoint Officer
iko	Coordinated Charge
iko	Cubwarden
iko	Daysquad Marshal
iko	Divine Arrow
iko	Drannith Healer
iko	Drannith Magistrate
iko	Fight as One
iko	Flourishing Fox
iko	Garrison Cat
iko	Helica Glider
iko	Huntmaster Liger
iko	Imposing Vantasaur
iko	Keensight Mentor
iko	Lavabrink Venturer
iko	Light of Hope
iko	Luminous Broodmoth
iko	Majestic Auricorn
iko	Maned Serval
iko	Mythos of Snapdax
iko	Pacifism
iko	Patagia Tiger
iko	Perimeter Sergeant
iko	Sanctuary Lockdown
iko	Savai Sabertooth
iko	Snare Tactician
iko	Solid Footing
iko	Splendor Mare
iko	Spontaneous Flight
iko	Stormwild Capridor
iko	Swallow Whole
iko	Valiant Rescuer
iko	Vulpikeet
iko	Will of the All-Hunter
iko	Aegis Turtle
iko	Anticipate
iko	Archipelagore
iko	Avian Oddity
iko	Boon of the Wish-Giver
iko	Capture Sphere
iko	Convolute
iko	Crystacean
iko	Dreamtail Heron
iko	Escape Protocol
iko	Essence Scatter
iko	Facet Reader
iko	Frost Lynx
iko	Frostveil Ambush
iko	Glimmerbell
iko	Gust of Wind
iko	Hampering Snare
iko	Keep Safe
iko	Mystic Subdual
iko	Mythos of Illuna
iko	Neutralize
iko	Of One Mind
iko	Ominous Seas
iko	Phase Dolphin
iko	Pollywog Symbiote
iko	Pouncing Shoreshark
iko	Reconnaissance Mission
iko	Sea-Dasher Octopus
iko	Shark Typhoon
iko	Startling Development
iko	Thieving Otter
iko	Voracious Greatshark
iko	Wingfold Pteron
iko	Wingspan Mentor
iko	Bastion of Remembrance
iko	Blitz Leech
iko	Blood Curdle
iko	Boot Nipper
iko	Bushmeat Poacher
iko	Call of the Death-Dweller
iko	Cavern Whisperer
iko	Chittering Harvester
iko	Corpse Churn
iko	Dark Bargain
iko	Dead Weight
iko	Dirge Bat
iko	Durable Coilbug
iko	Duskfang Mentor
iko	Easy Prey
iko	Extinction Event
iko	Gloom Pangolin
iko	Grimdancer
iko	Heartless Act
iko	Hunted Nightmare
iko	Insatiable Hemophage
iko	Lurking Deadeye
iko	Memory Leak
iko	Mutual Destruction
iko	Mythos of Nethroi
iko	Nightsquad Commando
iko	Serrated Scorpion
iko	Suffocating Fumes
iko	Unbreakable Bond
iko	Unexpected Fangs
iko	Unlikely Aid
iko	Void Beckoner
iko	Whisper Squad
iko	Zagoth Mamba
iko	Blazing Volley
iko	Blisterspit Gremlin
iko	Blitz of the Thunder-Raptor
iko	Cathartic Reunion
iko	Clash of Titans
iko	Cloudpiercer
iko	Drannith Stinger
iko	Everquill Phoenix
iko	Ferocious Tigorilla
iko	Fire Prophecy
iko	Flame Spill
iko	Footfall Crater
iko	Forbidden Friendship
iko	Frenzied Raptor
iko	Frillscare Mentor
iko	Go for Blood
iko	Heightened Reflexes
iko	Lava Serpent
iko	Lukka, Coppercoat Outcast
iko	Momentum Rumbler
iko	Mythos of Vadrok
iko	Porcuparrot
iko	Prickly Marmoset
iko	Pyroceratops
iko	Raking Claws
iko	Reptilian Reflection
iko	Rooting Moloch
iko	Rumbling Rockslide
iko	Sanctuary Smasher
iko	Shredded Sails
iko	Spelleater Wolverine
iko	Tentative Connection
iko	Unpredictable Cyclone
iko	Weaponize the Monsters
iko	Yidaro, Wandering Monster
iko	Adventurous Impulse
iko	Almighty Brushwagg
iko	Auspicious Starrix
iko	Barrier Breach
iko	Bristling Boar
iko	Charge of the Forever-Beast
iko	Colossification
iko	Essence Symbiote
iko	Excavation Mole
iko	Exuberant Wolfbear
iko	Fertilid
iko	Flycatcher Giraffid
iko	Fully Grown
iko	Gemrazer
iko	Glowstone Recluse
iko	Greater Sandwurm
iko	Honey Mammoth
iko	Hornbash Mentor
iko	Humble Naturalist
iko	Ivy Elemental
iko	Kogla, the Titan Ape
iko	Lead the Stampede
iko	Migration Path
iko	Migratory Greathorn
iko	Monstrous Step
iko	Mosscoat Goriak
iko	Mythos of Brokkos
iko	Plummet
iko	Ram Through
iko	Sudden Spinnerets
iko	Survivors' Bond
iko	Thwart the Enemy
iko	Titanoth Rex
iko	Vivien, Monsters' Advocate
iko	Wilt
iko	Back for More
iko	Boneyard Lurker
iko	Brokkos, Apex of Forever
iko	Channeled Force
iko	Chevill, Bane of Monsters
iko	Death's Oasis
iko	Dire Tactics
iko	Eerie Ultimatum
iko	Emergent Ultimatum
iko	Frondland Felidar
iko	General Kudro of Drannith
iko	General's Enforcer
iko	Genesis Ultimatum
iko	Illuna, Apex of Wishes
iko	Inspired Ultimatum
iko	Kinnan, Bonder Prodigy
iko	Labyrinth Raptor
iko	Lore Drakkis
iko	Narset of the Ancient Way
iko	Necropanther
iko	Nethroi, Apex of Death
iko	Offspring's Revenge
iko	Parcelbeast
iko	Primal Empathy
iko	Quartzwood Crasher
iko	Regal Leosaur
iko	Rielle, the Everwise
iko	Ruinous Ultimatum
iko	Savai Thundermane
iko	Skull Prophet
iko	Skycat Sovereign
iko	Slitherwisp
iko	Snapdax, Apex of the Hunt
iko	Song of Creation
iko	Sprite Dragon
iko	Titans' Nest
iko	Trumpeting Gnarr
iko	Vadrok, Apex of Thunder
iko	Whirlwind of Thought
iko	Winota, Joiner of Forces
iko	Zenith Flare
iko	Alert Heedbonder
iko	Cunning Nightbonder
iko	Fiend Artisan
iko	Gyruda, Doom of Depths
iko	Jegantha, the Wellspring
iko	Jubilant Skybonder
iko	Kaheera, the Orphanguard
iko	Keruga, the Macrosage
iko	Lurrus of the Dream-Den
iko	Lutri, the Spellchaser
iko	Obosh, the Preypiercer
iko	Proud Wildbonder
iko	Sonorous Howlbonder
iko	Umori, the Collector
iko	Yorion, Sky Nomad
iko	Zirda, the Dawnwaker
iko	Crystalline Giant
iko	Indatha Crystal
iko	Ketria Crystal
iko	The Ozolith
iko	Raugrin Crystal
iko	Savai Crystal
iko	Sleeper Dart
iko	Springjaw Trap
iko	Zagoth Crystal
iko	Bloodfell Caves
iko	Blossoming Sands
iko	Bonders' Enclave
iko	Dismal Backwater
iko	Evolving Wilds
iko	Indatha Triome
iko	Jungle Hollow
iko	Ketria Triome
iko	Raugrin Triome
iko	Rugged Highlands
iko	Savai Triome
iko	Scoured Barrens
iko	Swiftwater Cliffs
iko	Thornwood Falls
iko	Tranquil Cove
iko	Wind-Scarred Crag
iko	Zagoth Triome
iko	Plains
iko	Plains
iko	Plains
iko	Island
iko	Island
iko	Island
iko	Swamp
iko	Swamp
iko	Swamp
iko	Mountain
iko	Mountain
iko	Mountain
iko	Forest
iko	Forest
iko	Forest
iko	Zilortha, Strength Incarnate
iko	Lukka, Coppercoat Outcast
iko	Vivien, Monsters' Advocate
iko	Narset of the Ancient Way
iko	Cubwarden
iko	Huntmaster Liger
iko	Majestic Auricorn
iko	Vulpikeet
iko	Archipelagore
iko	Dreamtail Heron
iko	Pouncing Shoreshark
iko	Sea-Dasher Octopus
iko	Cavern Whisperer
iko	Chittering Harvester
iko	Dirge Bat
iko	Insatiable Hemophage
iko	Cloudpiercer
iko	Everquill Phoenix
iko	Porcuparrot
iko	Auspicious Starrix
iko	Gemrazer
iko	Glowstone Recluse
iko	Migratory Greathorn
iko	Boneyard Lurker
iko	Brokkos, Apex of Forever
iko	Illuna, Apex of Wishes
iko	Lore Drakkis
iko	Necropanther
iko	Nethroi, Apex of Death
iko	Parcelbeast
iko	Regal Leosaur
iko	Snapdax, Apex of the Hunt
iko	Trumpeting Gnarr
iko	Vadrok, Apex of Thunder
iko	Indatha Triome
iko	Ketria Triome
iko	Raugrin Triome
iko	Savai Triome
iko	Zagoth Triome
iko	Drannith Magistrate
iko	Lavabrink Venturer
iko	Luminous Broodmoth
iko	Mythos of Snapdax
iko	Mythos of Illuna
iko	Shark Typhoon
iko	Voracious Greatshark
iko	Extinction Event
iko	Hunted Nightmare
iko	Mythos of Nethroi
iko	Mythos of Vadrok
iko	Unpredictable Cyclone
iko	Yidaro, Wandering Monster
iko	Colossification
iko	Kogla, the Titan Ape
iko	Mythos of Brokkos
iko	Chevill, Bane of Monsters
iko	Death's Oasis
iko	Eerie Ultimatum
iko	Emergent Ultimatum
iko	Frondland Felidar
iko	General Kudro of Drannith
iko	Genesis Ultimatum
iko	Inspired Ultimatum
iko	Kinnan, Bonder Prodigy
iko	Labyrinth Raptor
iko	Offspring's Revenge
iko	Quartzwood Crasher
iko	Rielle, the Everwise
iko	Ruinous Ultimatum
iko	Skycat Sovereign
iko	Slitherwisp
iko	Song of Creation
iko	Titans' Nest
iko	Whirlwind of Thought
iko	Winota, Joiner of Forces
iko	Fiend Artisan
iko	Gyruda, Doom of Depths
iko	Jegantha, the Wellspring
iko	Kaheera, the Orphanguard
iko	Keruga, the Macrosage
iko	Lurrus of the Dream-Den
iko	Lutri, the Spellchaser
iko	Obosh, the Preypiercer
iko	Umori, the Collector
iko	Yorion, Sky Nomad
iko	Zirda, the Dawnwaker
iko	Crystalline Giant
iko	The Ozolith
iko	Bonders' Enclave
iko	Colossification
iko	Flourishing Fox
iko	Heartless Act
iko	Forbidden Friendship
iko	Migration Path
iko	Sprite Dragon
iko	Huntmaster Liger
iko	Luminous Broodmoth
iko	Pollywog Symbiote
iko	Void Beckoner
iko	Everquill Phoenix
iko	Yidaro, Wandering Monster
iko	Gemrazer
iko	Titanoth Rex
iko	Brokkos, Apex of Forever
iko	Illuna, Apex of Wishes
iko	Nethroi, Apex of Death
iko	Snapdax, Apex of the Hunt
iko	Sprite Dragon
iko	Vadrok, Apex of Thunder
iko	Gyruda, Doom of Depths
iko	Mysterious Egg
iko	Dirge Bat
iko	Crystalline Giant
m21	Ugin, the Spirit Dragon
m21	Alpine Watchdog
m21	Angelic Ascension
m21	Anointed Chorister
m21	Aven Gagglemaster
m21	Baneslayer Angel
m21	Basri Ket
m21	Basri's Acolyte
m21	Basri's Lieutenant
m21	Basri's Solidarity
m21	Celestial Enforcer
m21	Concordia Pegasus
m21	Containment Priest
m21	Daybreak Charger
m21	Defiant Strike
m21	Dub
m21	Faith's Fetters
m21	Falconer Adept
m21	Feat of Resistance
m21	Gale Swooper
m21	Glorious Anthem
m21	Griffin Aerie
m21	Idol of Endurance
m21	Legion's Judgment
m21	Light of Promise
m21	Makeshift Battalion
m21	Mangara, the Diplomat
m21	Nine Lives
m21	Pack Leader
m21	Rambunctious Mutt
m21	Revitalize
m21	Runed Halo
m21	Sanctum of Tranquil Light
m21	Seasoned Hallowblade
m21	Secure the Scene
m21	Selfless Savior
m21	Siege Striker
m21	Speaker of the Heavens
m21	Staunch Shieldmate
m21	Swift Response
m21	Tempered Veteran
m21	Valorous Steed
m21	Vryn Wingmare
m21	Warded Battlements
m21	Barrin, Tolarian Archmage
m21	Cancel
m21	Capture Sphere
m21	Discontinuity
m21	Enthralling Hold
m21	Frantic Inventory
m21	Frost Breath
m21	Ghostly Pilferer
m21	Jeskai Elder
m21	Keen Glidemaster
m21	Library Larcenist
m21	Lofty Denial
m21	Miscast
m21	Mistral Singer
m21	Opt
m21	Pursued Whale
m21	Rain of Revelation
m21	Read the Tides
m21	Rewind
m21	Riddleform
m21	Roaming Ghostlight
m21	Rookie Mistake
m21	Rousing Read
m21	Sanctum of Calm Waters
m21	See the Truth
m21	Shacklegeist
m21	Shipwreck Dowser
m21	Spined Megalodon
m21	Stormwing Entity
m21	Sublime Epiphany
m21	Teferi, Master of Time
m21	Teferi's Ageless Insight
m21	Teferi's Protege
m21	Teferi's Tutelage
m21	Tide Skimmer
m21	Tolarian Kraken
m21	Tome Anima
m21	Unsubstantiate
m21	Vodalian Arcanist
m21	Waker of Waves
m21	Wall of Runes
m21	Wishcoin Crab
m21	Alchemist's Gift
m21	Archfiend's Vessel
m21	Bad Deal
m21	Blood Glutton
m21	Caged Zombie
m21	Carrion Grub
m21	Crypt Lurker
m21	Deathbloom Thallid
m21	Demonic Embrace
m21	Duress
m21	Eliminate
m21	Fetid Imp
m21	Finishing Blow
m21	Gloom Sower
m21	Goremand
m21	Grasp of Darkness
m21	Grim Tutor
m21	Hooded Blightfang
m21	Infernal Scarring
m21	Kaervek, the Spiteful
m21	Kitesail Freebooter
m21	Liliana, Waker of the Dead
m21	Liliana's Devotee
m21	Liliana's Standard Bearer
m21	Liliana's Steward
m21	Malefic Scythe
m21	Masked Blackguard
m21	Massacre Wurm
m21	Mind Rot
m21	Necromentia
m21	Peer into the Abyss
m21	Pestilent Haze
m21	Rise Again
m21	Sanctum of Stone Fangs
m21	Sanguine Indulgence
m21	Silversmote Ghoul
m21	Skeleton Archer
m21	Tavern Swindler
m21	Thieves' Guild Enforcer
m21	Village Rites
m21	Vito, Thorn of the Dusk Rose
m21	Walking Corpse
m21	Witch's Cauldron
m21	Battle-Rattle Shaman
m21	Bolt Hound
m21	Bone Pit Brute
m21	Brash Taunter
m21	Burn Bright
m21	Chandra, Heart of Fire
m21	Chandra's Incinerator
m21	Chandra's Magmutt
m21	Chandra's Pyreling
m21	Conspicuous Snoop
m21	Crash Through
m21	Destructive Tampering
m21	Double Vision
m21	Fiery Emancipation
m21	Furious Rise
m21	Furor of the Bitten
m21	Gadrak, the Crown-Scourge
m21	Goblin Arsonist
m21	Goblin Wizardry
m21	Havoc Jester
m21	Heartfire Immolator
m21	Hellkite Punisher
m21	Hobblefiend
m21	Igneous Cur
m21	Kinetic Augur
m21	Onakke Ogre
m21	Pitchburn Devils
m21	Sanctum of Shattered Heights
m21	Scorching Dragonfire
m21	Shock
m21	Soul Sear
m21	Spellgorger Weird
m21	Subira, Tulzidi Caravanner
m21	Sure Strike
m21	Terror of the Peaks
m21	Thrill of Possibility
m21	Traitorous Greed
m21	Transmogrify
m21	Turn to Slag
m21	Turret Ogre
m21	Unleash Fury
m21	Volcanic Geyser
m21	Volcanic Salvo
m21	Azusa, Lost but Seeking
m21	Burlfist Oak
m21	Canopy Stalker
m21	Colossal Dreadmaw
m21	Cultivate
m21	Drowsing Tyrannodon
m21	Elder Gargaroth
m21	Feline Sovereign
m21	Fierce Empath
m21	Fungal Rebirth
m21	Garruk, Unleashed
m21	Garruk's Gorehorn
m21	Garruk's Harbinger
m21	Garruk's Uprising
m21	Gnarled Sage
m21	Heroic Intervention
m21	Hunter's Edge
m21	Invigorating Surge
m21	Jolrael, Mwonvuli Recluse
m21	Life Goes On
m21	Llanowar Visionary
m21	Ornery Dilophosaur
m21	Portcullis Vine
m21	Pridemalkin
m21	Primal Might
m21	Quirion Dryad
m21	Ranger's Guile
m21	Return to Nature
m21	Run Afoul
m21	Sabertooth Mauler
m21	Sanctum of Fruitful Harvest
m21	Scavenging Ooze
m21	Setessan Training
m21	Skyway Sniper
m21	Snarespinner
m21	Sporeweb Weaver
m21	Thrashing Brontodon
m21	Titanic Growth
m21	Track Down
m21	Trufflesnout
m21	Warden of the Woods
m21	Wildwood Scourge
m21	Alpine Houndmaster
m21	Conclave Mentor
m21	Dire Fleet Warmonger
m21	Experimental Overload
m21	Indulging Patrician
m21	Leafkin Avenger
m21	Lorescale Coatl
m21	Niambi, Esteemed Speaker
m21	Obsessive Stitcher
m21	Radha, Heart of Keld
m21	Sanctum of All
m21	Twinblade Assassins
m21	Watcher of the Spheres
m21	Chromatic Orrery
m21	Chrome Replicator
m21	Epitaph Golem
m21	Forgotten Sentinel
m21	Mazemind Tome
m21	Meteorite
m21	Palladium Myr
m21	Prismite
m21	Short Sword
m21	Silent Dart
m21	Skyscanner
m21	Solemn Simulacrum
m21	Sparkhunter Masticore
m21	Tormod's Crypt
m21	Animal Sanctuary
m21	Bloodfell Caves
m21	Blossoming Sands
m21	Dismal Backwater
m21	Fabled Passage
m21	Jungle Hollow
m21	Radiant Fountain
m21	Rugged Highlands
m21	Scoured Barrens
m21	Swiftwater Cliffs
m21	Temple of Epiphany
m21	Temple of Malady
m21	Temple of Mystery
m21	Temple of Silence
m21	Temple of Triumph
m21	Thornwood Falls
m21	Tranquil Cove
m21	Wind-Scarred Crag
m21	Plains
m21	Plains
m21	Plains
m21	Island
m21	Island
m21	Island
m21	Swamp
m21	Swamp
m21	Swamp
m21	Mountain
m21	Mountain
m21	Mountain
m21	Forest
m21	Forest
m21	Forest
m21	Teferi, Master of Time
m21	Teferi, Master of Time
m21	Teferi, Master of Time
m21	Rin and Seri, Inseparable
m21	Ugin, the Spirit Dragon
m21	Basri Ket
m21	Teferi, Master of Time
m21	Liliana, Waker of the Dead
m21	Chandra, Heart of Fire
m21	Garruk, Unleashed
m21	Ugin, the Spirit Dragon
m21	Basri Ket
m21	Basri's Acolyte
m21	Basri's Lieutenant
m21	Basri's Solidarity
m21	Teferi, Master of Time
m21	Teferi, Master of Time
m21	Teferi, Master of Time
m21	Teferi, Master of Time
m21	Teferi's Ageless Insight
m21	Teferi's Protege
m21	Teferi's Tutelage
m21	Liliana, Waker of the Dead
m21	Liliana's Devotee
m21	Liliana's Standard Bearer
m21	Liliana's Steward
m21	Chandra, Heart of Fire
m21	Chandra's Incinerator
m21	Chandra's Magmutt
m21	Chandra's Pyreling
m21	Garruk, Unleashed
m21	Garruk's Gorehorn
m21	Garruk's Harbinger
m21	Garruk's Uprising
m21	Plains
m21	Island
m21	Swamp
m21	Mountain
m21	Forest
m21	Containment Priest
m21	Grim Tutor
m21	Massacre Wurm
m21	Cultivate
m21	Scavenging Ooze
m21	Solemn Simulacrum
m21	Basri, Devoted Paladin
m21	Adherent of Hope
m21	Basri's Aegis
m21	Sigiled Contender
m21	Teferi, Timeless Voyager
m21	Historian of Zhalfir
m21	Mystic Skyfish
m21	Teferi's Wavecaster
m21	Liliana, Death Mage
m21	Liliana's Scorn
m21	Liliana's Scrounger
m21	Spirit of Malevolence
m21	Chandra, Flame's Catalyst
m21	Chandra's Firemaw
m21	Keral Keep Disciples
m21	Storm Caller
m21	Garruk, Savage Herald
m21	Garruk's Warsteed
m21	Predatory Wurm
m21	Wildwood Patrol
m21	Baneslayer Angel
m21	Glorious Anthem
m21	Idol of Endurance
m21	Mangara, the Diplomat
m21	Nine Lives
m21	Pack Leader
m21	Runed Halo
m21	Speaker of the Heavens
m21	Barrin, Tolarian Archmage
m21	Discontinuity
m21	Ghostly Pilferer
m21	Pursued Whale
m21	See the Truth
m21	Shacklegeist
m21	Stormwing Entity
m21	Sublime Epiphany
m21	Demonic Embrace
m21	Hooded Blightfang
m21	Kaervek, the Spiteful
m21	Necromentia
m21	Peer into the Abyss
m21	Thieves' Guild Enforcer
m21	Vito, Thorn of the Dusk Rose
m21	Brash Taunter
m21	Conspicuous Snoop
m21	Double Vision
m21	Fiery Emancipation
m21	Gadrak, the Crown-Scourge
m21	Subira, Tulzidi Caravanner
m21	Terror of the Peaks
m21	Transmogrify
m21	Volcanic Salvo
m21	Azusa, Lost but Seeking
m21	Elder Gargaroth
m21	Feline Sovereign
m21	Heroic Intervention
m21	Jolrael, Mwonvuli Recluse
m21	Primal Might
m21	Sporeweb Weaver
m21	Niambi, Esteemed Speaker
m21	Radha, Heart of Keld
m21	Sanctum of All
m21	Chromatic Orrery
m21	Mazemind Tome
m21	Sparkhunter Masticore
m21	Animal Sanctuary
m21	Fabled Passage
m21	Temple of Epiphany
m21	Temple of Malady
m21	Temple of Mystery
m21	Temple of Silence
m21	Temple of Triumph
m21	Pack Leader
m21	Selfless Savior
m21	Frantic Inventory
m21	Eliminate
m21	Heartfire Immolator
m21	Llanowar Visionary
jmp	Blessed Sanctuary
jmp	Brightmare
jmp	Emiel the Blessed
jmp	Release the Dogs
jmp	Steel-Plume Marshal
jmp	Stone Haven Pilgrim
jmp	Supply Runners
jmp	Trusty Retriever
jmp	Archaeomender
jmp	Bruvac the Grandiloquent
jmp	Corsair Captain
jmp	Inniaz, the Gale Force
jmp	Ormos, Archive Keeper
jmp	Scholar of the Lost Trove
jmp	Kels, Fight Fixer
jmp	Nocturnal Feeder
jmp	Tinybones, Trinket Thief
jmp	Witch of the Moors
jmp	Chained Brute
jmp	Immolating Gyre
jmp	Lightning Phoenix
jmp	Lightning Visionary
jmp	Living Lightning
jmp	Muxus, Goblin Grandee
jmp	Sethron, Hurloon General
jmp	Spiteful Prankster
jmp	Zurzoth, Chaos Rider
jmp	Allosaurus Shepherd
jmp	Branching Evolution
jmp	Neyith of the Dire Hunt
jmp	Towering Titan
jmp	Lightning-Core Excavator
jmp	Thriving Bluff
jmp	Thriving Grove
jmp	Thriving Heath
jmp	Thriving Isle
jmp	Thriving Moor
jmp	Plains
jmp	Plains
jmp	Plains
jmp	Plains
jmp	Plains
jmp	Plains
jmp	Plains
jmp	Plains
jmp	Island
jmp	Island
jmp	Island
jmp	Island
jmp	Island
jmp	Island
jmp	Island
jmp	Island
jmp	Swamp
jmp	Swamp
jmp	Swamp
jmp	Swamp
jmp	Swamp
jmp	Swamp
jmp	Swamp
jmp	Swamp
jmp	Mountain
jmp	Mountain
jmp	Mountain
jmp	Mountain
jmp	Mountain
jmp	Mountain
jmp	Mountain
jmp	Mountain
jmp	Forest
jmp	Forest
jmp	Forest
jmp	Forest
jmp	Forest
jmp	Forest
jmp	Forest
jmp	Forest
jmp	Terramorphic Expanse
jmp	Aegis of the Heavens
jmp	Aerial Assault
jmp	Affa Guard Hound
jmp	Ajani's Chosen
jmp	Alabaster Mage
jmp	Angel of Mercy
jmp	Angel of the Dire Hour
jmp	Angelic Arbiter
jmp	Angelic Edict
jmp	Angelic Page
jmp	Archon of Justice
jmp	Archon of Redemption
jmp	Battlefield Promotion
jmp	Blessed Spirits
jmp	Bulwark Giant
jmp	Cathar's Companion
jmp	Cathars' Crusade
jmp	Celestial Mantle
jmp	Cloudshift
jmp	Cradle of Vitality
jmp	Dauntless Onslaught
jmp	Divine Arrow
jmp	Duelist's Heritage
jmp	Emancipation Angel
jmp	Face of Divinity
jmp	Forced Worship
jmp	Fortify
jmp	Gird for Battle
jmp	Healer's Hawk
jmp	High Sentinels of Arashin
jmp	Indomitable Will
jmp	Inspired Charge
jmp	Inspiring Captain
jmp	Inspiring Unicorn
jmp	Isamaru, Hound of Konda
jmp	Knight of the Tusk
jmp	Knightly Valor
jmp	Kor Spiritdancer
jmp	Lena, Selfless Champion
jmp	Lightwalker
jmp	Linvala, Keeper of Silence
jmp	Long Road Home
jmp	Mentor of the Meek
jmp	Mesa Unicorn
jmp	Mikaeus, the Lunarch
jmp	Moment of Heroism
jmp	Pacifism
jmp	Path of Bravery
jmp	Path to Exile
jmp	Patron of the Valiant
jmp	Raise the Alarm
jmp	Rhox Faithmender
jmp	Ronom Unicorn
jmp	Serra Angel
jmp	Sky Tether
jmp	Take Heart
jmp	Tandem Tactics
jmp	Valorous Stance
jmp	Voice of the Provinces
jmp	Aegis Turtle
jmp	Battleground Geist
jmp	Befuddle
jmp	Belltower Sphinx
jmp	Chart a Course
jmp	Cloudreader Sphinx
jmp	Coastal Piracy
jmp	Crookclaw Transmuter
jmp	Cryptic Serpent
jmp	Curiosity
jmp	Curious Obsession
jmp	Departed Deckhand
jmp	Erratic Visionary
jmp	Essence Flux
jmp	Exclude
jmp	Exclusion Mage
jmp	Kira, Great Glass-Spinner
jmp	Kitesail Corsair
jmp	Leave in the Dust
jmp	Murmuring Phantasm
jmp	Mystic Archaeologist
jmp	Narcolepsy
jmp	Nebelgast Herald
jmp	Octoprophet
jmp	Oneirophage
jmp	Peel from Reality
jmp	Prescient Chimera
jmp	Prosperous Pirates
jmp	Rattlechains
jmp	Read the Runes
jmp	Reckless Scholar
jmp	Rhystic Study
jmp	Rishadan Airship
jmp	Sage's Row Savant
jmp	Sailor of Means
jmp	Sea Gate Oracle
jmp	Selhoff Occultist
jmp	Serendib Efreet
jmp	Sharding Sphinx
jmp	Sigiled Starfish
jmp	Spectral Sailor
jmp	Storm Sculptor
jmp	Sweep Away
jmp	Talrand, Sky Summoner
jmp	Talrand's Invocation
jmp	Thirst for Knowledge
jmp	Thought Collapse
jmp	Thought Scour
jmp	Towering-Wave Mystic
jmp	Vedalken Archmage
jmp	Vedalken Entrancer
jmp	Voyage's End
jmp	Wall of Lost Thoughts
jmp	Warden of Evos Isle
jmp	Waterknot
jmp	Whelming Wave
jmp	Windreader Sphinx
jmp	Windstorm Drake
jmp	Winged Words
jmp	Wishful Merfolk
jmp	Wizard's Retort
jmp	Agonizing Syphon
jmp	Assassin's Strike
jmp	Bake into a Pie
jmp	Barter in Blood
jmp	Black Cat
jmp	Black Market
jmp	Blighted Bat
jmp	Blood Artist
jmp	Blood Divination
jmp	Blood Host
jmp	Bloodbond Vampire
jmp	Bloodhunter Bat
jmp	Bogbrew Witch
jmp	Bone Picker
jmp	Bone Splinters
jmp	Burglar Rat
jmp	Cadaver Imp
jmp	Cauldron Familiar
jmp	Cemetery Recruitment
jmp	Child of Night
jmp	Corpse Hauler
jmp	Corpse Traders
jmp	Crow of Dark Tidings
jmp	Death's Approach
jmp	Douse in Gloom
jmp	Drainpipe Vermin
jmp	Drana, Liberator of Malakir
jmp	Dutiful Attendant
jmp	Entomber Exarch
jmp	Eternal Taskmaster
jmp	Eternal Thirst
jmp	Exhume
jmp	Exquisite Blood
jmp	Falkenrath Noble
jmp	Fell Specter
jmp	Festering Newt
jmp	Funeral Rites
jmp	Ghoulcaller Gisa
jmp	Ghoulcaller's Accomplice
jmp	Ghoulraiser
jmp	Gifted Aetherborn
jmp	Gonti, Lord of Luxury
jmp	Gravewaker
jmp	Gristle Grinner
jmp	Harvester of Souls
jmp	Innocent Blood
jmp	Kalastria Nightwatch
jmp	Languish
jmp	Last Gasp
jmp	Launch Party
jmp	Lawless Broker
jmp	Liliana's Elite
jmp	Liliana's Reaver
jmp	Macabre Waltz
jmp	Malakir Familiar
jmp	Mark of the Vampire
jmp	Mausoleum Turnkey
jmp	Miasmic Mummy
jmp	Mire Triton
jmp	Nightshade Stinger
jmp	Nyxathid
jmp	Ogre Slumlord
jmp	Oona's Blackguard
jmp	Parasitic Implant
jmp	Phyrexian Broodlings
jmp	Phyrexian Debaser
jmp	Phyrexian Gargantua
jmp	Phyrexian Rager
jmp	Phyrexian Reclamation
jmp	Plagued Rusalka
jmp	Ravenous Chupacabra
jmp	Reanimate
jmp	Rise of the Dark Realms
jmp	Sangromancer
jmp	Sanitarium Skeleton
jmp	Scourge of Nel Toth
jmp	Sengir Vampire
jmp	Settle the Score
jmp	Shambling Goblin
jmp	Sheoldred, Whispering One
jmp	Slate Street Ruffian
jmp	Soul Salvage
jmp	Stab Wound
jmp	Swarm of Bloodflies
jmp	Tempting Witch
jmp	Tithebearer Giant
jmp	Vampire Neonate
jmp	Wailing Ghoul
jmp	Wight of Precinct Six
jmp	Zombie Infestation
jmp	Act of Treason
jmp	Ashmouth Hound
jmp	Ball Lightning
jmp	Barrage of Expendables
jmp	Bathe in Dragonfire
jmp	Beetleback Chief
jmp	Blindblast
jmp	Bloodrage Brawler
jmp	Bloodrock Cyclops
jmp	Bloodshot Trainee
jmp	Boggart Brute
jmp	Borderland Marauder
jmp	Borderland Minotaur
jmp	Chain Lightning
jmp	Charmbreaker Devils
jmp	Cinder Elemental
jmp	Collateral Damage
jmp	Dance with Devils
jmp	Doublecast
jmp	Draconic Roar
jmp	Dragon Fodder
jmp	Dragon Hatchling
jmp	Dragonlord's Servant
jmp	Dragonspeaker Shaman
jmp	Dualcaster Mage
jmp	Etali, Primal Storm
jmp	Fanatical Firebrand
jmp	Flame Lash
jmp	Flames of the Firebrand
jmp	Flames of the Raze-Boar
jmp	Flametongue Kavu
jmp	Fling
jmp	Flurry of Horns
jmp	Forge Devil
jmp	Furnace Whelp
jmp	Goblin Chieftain
jmp	Goblin Commando
jmp	Goblin Goon
jmp	Goblin Instigator
jmp	Goblin Lore
jmp	Goblin Rally
jmp	Goblin Shortcutter
jmp	Grim Lavamancer
jmp	Hamletback Goliath
jmp	Heartfire
jmp	Hellrider
jmp	Homing Lightning
jmp	Hungry Flames
jmp	Inferno Hellion
jmp	Kiln Fiend
jmp	Krenko, Mob Boss
jmp	Lathliss, Dragon Queen
jmp	Lightning Axe
jmp	Lightning Bolt
jmp	Lightning Diadem
jmp	Lightning Elemental
jmp	Lightning Shrieker
jmp	Magma Jet
jmp	Magmaquake
jmp	Makeshift Munitions
jmp	Minotaur Skullcleaver
jmp	Minotaur Sureshot
jmp	Molten Ravager
jmp	Mugging
jmp	Ornery Goblin
jmp	Outnumber
jmp	Pillar of Flame
jmp	Pyroclastic Elemental
jmp	Rageblood Shaman
jmp	Rapacious Dragon
jmp	Riddle of Lightning
jmp	Sarkhan's Rage
jmp	Sarkhan's Unsealing
jmp	Seismic Elemental
jmp	Sin Prodder
jmp	Spitting Earth
jmp	Thermo-Alchemist
jmp	Tibalt's Rager
jmp	Torch Fiend
jmp	Volcanic Fallout
jmp	Volley Veteran
jmp	Warfire Javelineer
jmp	Weaver of Lightning
jmp	Young Pyromancer
jmp	Affectionate Indrik
jmp	Aggressive Urge
jmp	Ambassador Oak
jmp	Arbor Armament
jmp	Armorcraft Judge
jmp	Assault Formation
jmp	Awakener Druid
jmp	Brindle Shoat
jmp	Brushstrider
jmp	Carven Caryatid
jmp	Champion of Lambholt
jmp	Commune with Dinosaurs
jmp	Craterhoof Behemoth
jmp	Crushing Canopy
jmp	Dawntreader Elk
jmp	Drover of the Mighty
jmp	Dwynen's Elite
jmp	Elemental Uprising
jmp	Elvish Archdruid
jmp	Enlarge
jmp	Explore
jmp	Fa'adiyah Seer
jmp	Feral Hydra
jmp	Feral Invocation
jmp	Feral Prowler
jmp	Fertilid
jmp	Ghalta, Primal Hunger
jmp	Ghirapur Guide
jmp	Grave Bramble
jmp	Hunter's Insight
jmp	Initiate's Companion
jmp	Inspiring Call
jmp	Ironshell Beetle
jmp	Irresistible Prey
jmp	Keeper of Fables
jmp	Leaf Gilder
jmp	Lifecrafter's Gift
jmp	Lurking Predators
jmp	Momentous Fall
jmp	Nature's Way
jmp	Nessian Hornbeetle
jmp	New Horizons
jmp	Oracle of Mul Daya
jmp	Orazca Frillback
jmp	Overgrown Battlement
jmp	Penumbra Bobcat
jmp	Pouncing Cheetah
jmp	Presence of Gond
jmp	Primeval Bounty
jmp	Primordial Sage
jmp	Rampaging Brontodon
jmp	Ravenous Baloth
jmp	Rishkar, Peema Renegade
jmp	Rumbling Baloth
jmp	Savage Stomp
jmp	Scrounging Bandar
jmp	Selvala, Heart of the Wilds
jmp	Silhana Wayfinder
jmp	Somberwald Stag
jmp	Soul of the Harvest
jmp	Sporemound
jmp	Sylvan Brushstrider
jmp	Sylvan Ranger
jmp	Thragtusk
jmp	Thundering Spineback
jmp	Time to Feed
jmp	Ulvenwald Hydra
jmp	Vastwood Zendikon
jmp	Verdant Embrace
jmp	Wall of Blossoms
jmp	Wall of Vines
jmp	Wildheart Invoker
jmp	Wildsize
jmp	Woodborn Behemoth
jmp	Wren's Run Vanquisher
jmp	Zendikar's Roil
jmp	Auger Spree
jmp	Dinrova Horror
jmp	Fusion Elemental
jmp	Ironroot Warlord
jmp	Lawmage's Binding
jmp	Maelstrom Archangel
jmp	Raging Regisaur
jmp	Aether Spellbomb
jmp	Alloy Myr
jmp	Ancestral Statue
jmp	Arcane Encyclopedia
jmp	Bubbling Cauldron
jmp	Chamber Sentry
jmp	Chromatic Sphere
jmp	Dragonloft Idol
jmp	Dreamstone Hedron
jmp	Gargoyle Sentinel
jmp	Gingerbrute
jmp	Guardian Idol
jmp	Hedron Archive
jmp	Herald's Horn
jmp	Jousting Dummy
jmp	Juggernaut
jmp	Mana Geode
jmp	Marauder's Axe
jmp	Meteor Golem
jmp	Myr Sire
jmp	Perilous Myr
jmp	Pirate's Cutlass
jmp	Prophetic Prism
jmp	Rogue's Gloves
jmp	Roving Keep
jmp	Runed Servitor
jmp	Scarecrone
jmp	Scroll of Avacyn
jmp	Scuttlemutt
jmp	Signpost Scarecrow
jmp	Skittering Surveyor
jmp	Suspicious Bookcase
jmp	Terrarion
jmp	Unstable Obelisk
jmp	Warmonger's Chariot
jmp	Buried Ruin
jmp	Mirrodin's Core
jmp	Phyrexian Tower
jmp	Riptide Laboratory
jmp	Rupture Spire
znc	Anowon, the Ruin Thief
znc	Obuun, Mul Daya Ancestor
znc	Trove Warden
znc	Enigma Thief
znc	Whispersteel Dagger
znc	Geode Rager
znc	Abzan Falconer
znc	Admonition Angel
znc	Banishing Light
znc	Condemn
znc	Crush Contraband
znc	Elite Scaleguard
znc	Emeria Angel
znc	Emeria Shepherd
znc	Hour of Revelation
znc	Kor Cartographer
znc	Planar Outburst
znc	Retreat to Emeria
znc	Sun Titan
znc	Together Forever
znc	Aetherize
znc	Distant Melody
znc	Fact or Fiction
znc	Faerie Vandal
znc	Invisible Stalker
znc	Latchkey Faerie
znc	Marang River Prowler
znc	Master Thief
znc	Military Intelligence
znc	Nightveil Sprite
znc	Notorious Throng
znc	Open into Wonder
znc	Scourge of Fleets
znc	Slither Blade
znc	Stolen Identity
znc	Triton Shorestalker
znc	Whirler Rogue
znc	Changeling Outcast
znc	Endless Obedience
znc	Fated Return
znc	Frogtosser Banneret
znc	Gonti, Lord of Luxury
znc	In Garruk's Wake
znc	Marsh Flitter
znc	Murder
znc	Necromantic Selection
znc	Nighthowler
znc	Ogre Slumlord
znc	Oona's Blackguard
znc	Price of Fame
znc	Rise from the Grave
znc	Sepulchral Primordial
znc	Stinkdrinker Bandit
znc	Syr Konrad, the Grim
znc	Zulaport Cutthroat
znc	Abundance
znc	Acidic Slime
znc	Armorcraft Judge
znc	Beanstalk Giant
znc	Fertile Footsteps
znc	Circuitous Route
znc	Elvish Rejuvenator
znc	Embodiment of Insight
znc	Evolution Sage
znc	Far Wanderings
znc	Fertilid
znc	Harmonize
znc	Harrow
znc	Inspiring Call
znc	Keeper of Fables
znc	Khalni Heart Expedition
znc	Kodama's Reach
znc	The Mending of Dominaria
znc	Multani, Yavimaya's Avatar
znc	Nissa's Renewal
znc	Rampaging Baloths
znc	Retreat to Kazandu
znc	Return of the Wildspeaker
znc	Rites of Flourishing
znc	Satyr Wayfinder
znc	Sporemound
znc	Springbloom Druid
znc	Sylvan Advocate
znc	Tuskguard Captain
znc	Waker of the Wilds
znc	Yavimaya Elder
znc	Zendikar's Roil
znc	Consuming Aberration
znc	Extract from Darkness
znc	Ground Assault
znc	Lazav, Dimir Mastermind
znc	Living Twister
znc	Mina and Denn, Wildborn
znc	Naya Charm
znc	Notion Thief
znc	Omnath, Locus of Rage
znc	Oona, Queen of the Fae
znc	Silumgar's Command
znc	Soul Manipulation
znc	Spinal Embrace
znc	Struggle
znc	Survive
znc	Sygg, River Cutthroat
znc	Sylvan Reclamation
znc	Treacherous Terrain
znc	Arcane Signet
znc	Blackblade Reforged
znc	Bonehoard
znc	Commander's Sphere
znc	Dimir Keyrune
znc	Dimir Locket
znc	Dimir Signet
znc	Heirloom Blade
znc	Mind Stone
znc	Obelisk of Urd
znc	Sandstone Oracle
znc	Scaretiller
znc	Scytheclaw
znc	Seer's Sundial
znc	Sol Ring
znc	Blighted Woodland
znc	Boros Garrison
znc	Boros Guildgate
znc	Command Tower
znc	Cryptic Caves
znc	Dimir Aqueduct
znc	Dimir Guildgate
znc	Dismal Backwater
znc	Evolving Wilds
znc	Gruul Guildgate
znc	Gruul Turf
znc	Jungle Shrine
znc	Jwar Isle Refuge
znc	Krosan Verge
znc	Myriad Landscape
znc	Naya Panorama
znc	Needle Spires
znc	Rogue's Passage
znc	Selesnya Guildgate
znc	Selesnya Sanctuary
znc	Submerged Boneyard
znc	Terramorphic Expanse
znr	Allied Assault
znr	Angel of Destiny
znr	Angelheart Protector
znr	Archon of Emeria
znr	Archpriest of Iona
znr	Attended Healer
znr	Canyon Jerboa
znr	Cliffhaven Sell-Sword
znr	Dauntless Unity
znr	Disenchant
znr	Emeria Captain
znr	Emeria's Call
znr	Emeria, Shattered Skyclave
znr	Expedition Healer
znr	Farsight Adept
znr	Fearless Fledgling
znr	Felidar Retreat
znr	Journey to Oblivion
znr	Kabira Outrider
znr	Kabira Plateau
znr	Kabira Takedown
znr	Kitesail Cleric
znr	Kor Blademaster
znr	Kor Celebrant
znr	Legion Angel
znr	Luminarch Aspirant
znr	Makindi Ox
znr	Makindi Mesas
znr	Makindi Stampede
znr	Maul of the Skyclaves
znr	Mesa Lynx
znr	Nahiri's Binding
znr	Ondu Inversion
znr	Ondu Skyruins
znr	Paired Tactician
znr	Practiced Tactics
znr	Pressure Point
znr	Prowling Felidar
znr	Resolute Strike
znr	Sea Gate Banneret
znr	Sejiri Glacier
znr	Sejiri Shelter
znr	Shepherd of Heroes
znr	Skyclave Apparition
znr	Skyclave Basilica
znr	Skyclave Cleric
znr	Squad Commander
znr	Smite the Monstrous
znr	Tazeem Raptor
znr	Tazri, Beacon of Unity
znr	Anticognition
znr	Beyeen Coast
znr	Beyeen Veil
znr	Bubble Snare
znr	Cascade Seer
znr	Charix, the Raging Isle
znr	Chilling Trap
znr	Cleric of Chill Depths
znr	Concerted Defense
znr	Confounding Conundrum
znr	Coralhelm Chronicler
znr	Cunning Geysermage
znr	Deliberate
znr	Expedition Diviner
znr	Field Research
znr	Glacial Grasp
znr	Glasspool Mimic
znr	Glasspool Shore
znr	Inscription of Insight
znr	Into the Roil
znr	Jace, Mirror Mage
znr	Jwari Disruption
znr	Jwari Ruins
znr	Living Tempest
znr	Lullmage's Domination
znr	Maddening Cacophony
znr	Master of Winds
znr	Merfolk Falconer
znr	Merfolk Windrobber
znr	Negate
znr	Nimble Trapfinder
znr	Risen Riptide
znr	Roost of Drakes
znr	Ruin Crab
znr	Sea Gate Restoration
znr	Sea Gate, Reborn
znr	Sea Gate Stormcaller
znr	Seafloor Stalker
znr	Shell Shield
znr	Silundi Isle
znr	Silundi Vision
znr	Skyclave Plunder
znr	Skyclave Squid
znr	Sure-Footed Infiltrator
znr	Tazeem Roilmage
znr	Thieving Skydiver
znr	Umara Skyfalls
znr	Umara Wizard
znr	Windrider Wizard
znr	Zulaport Duelist
znr	Acquisitions Expert
znr	Agadeem's Awakening
znr	Agadeem, the Undercrypt
znr	Blackbloom Bog
znr	Blackbloom Rogue
znr	Blood Beckoning
znr	Blood Price
znr	Bloodchief's Thirst
znr	Coveted Prize
znr	Deadly Alliance
znr	Demon's Disciple
znr	Drana, the Last Bloodchief
znr	Drana's Silencer
znr	Dreadwurm
znr	Expedition Skulker
znr	Feed the Swarm
znr	Ghastly Gloomhunter
znr	Guul Draz Mucklord
znr	Hagra Constrictor
znr	Hagra Broodpit
znr	Hagra Mauling
znr	Highborn Vampire
znr	Inscription of Ruin
znr	Lithoform Blight
znr	Malakir Blood-Priest
znr	Malakir Mire
znr	Malakir Rebirth
znr	Marauding Blight-Priest
znr	Mind Carver
znr	Mind Drain
znr	Nighthawk Scavenger
znr	Nimana Skitter-Sneak
znr	Nimana Skydancer
znr	Nullpriest of Oblivion
znr	Oblivion's Hunger
znr	Pelakka Caverns
znr	Pelakka Predation
znr	Scion of the Swarm
znr	Scourge of the Skyclaves
znr	Shadow Stinger
znr	Shadows' Verdict
znr	Skyclave Shade
znr	Skyclave Shadowcat
znr	Soul Shatter
znr	Subtle Strike
znr	Taborax, Hope's Demise
znr	Thwart the Grave
znr	Vanquish the Weak
znr	Zof Bloodbog
znr	Zof Consumption
znr	Akoum Hellhound
znr	Akoum Teeth
znr	Akoum Warrior
znr	Ardent Electromancer
znr	Cinderclasm
znr	Cleansing Wildfire
znr	Expedition Champion
znr	Fireblade Charger
znr	Fissure Wizard
znr	Goma Fada Vanguard
znr	Grotag Bug-Catcher
znr	Grotag Night-Runner
znr	Inordinate Rage
znr	Kargan Intimidator
znr	Kazuul's Cliffs
znr	Kazuul's Fury
znr	Leyline Tyrant
znr	Magmatic Channeler
znr	Molten Blast
znr	Moraug, Fury of Akoum
znr	Nahiri's Lithoforming
znr	Pyroclastic Hellion
znr	Relic Robber
znr	Rockslide Sorcerer
znr	Roil Eruption
znr	Roiling Vortex
znr	Scavenged Blade
znr	Scorch Rider
znr	Shatterskull Charger
znr	Shatterskull Minotaur
znr	Shatterskull Smashing
znr	Shatterskull, the Hammer Pass
znr	Sizzling Barrage
znr	Skyclave Geopede
znr	Sneaking Guide
znr	Song-Mad Ruins
znr	Song-Mad Treachery
znr	Spikefield Cave
znr	Spikefield Hazard
znr	Spitfire Lagac
znr	Synchronized Spellcraft
znr	Teeterpeak Ambusher
znr	Thundering Rebuke
znr	Thundering Sparkmage
znr	Tormenting Voice
znr	Tuktuk Rubblefort
znr	Valakut Awakening
znr	Valakut Stoneforge
znr	Valakut Exploration
znr	Wayward Guide-Beast
znr	Adventure Awaits
znr	Ancient Greenwarden
znr	Ashaya, Soul of the Wild
znr	Bala Ged Recovery
znr	Bala Ged Sanctuary
znr	Broken Wings
znr	Canopy Baloth
znr	Cragplate Baloth
znr	Dauntless Survivor
znr	Gnarlid Colony
znr	Inscription of Abundance
znr	Iridescent Hornbeetle
znr	Joraga Visionary
znr	Kazandu Mammoth
znr	Kazandu Valley
znr	Kazandu Nectarpot
znr	Kazandu Stomper
znr	Khalni Ambush
znr	Khalni Territory
znr	Lotus Cobra
znr	Might of Murasa
znr	Murasa Brute
znr	Murasa Sproutling
znr	Nissa's Zendikon
znr	Oran-Rief Ooze
znr	Rabid Bite
znr	Reclaim the Wastes
znr	Roiling Regrowth
znr	Scale the Heights
znr	Scute Swarm
znr	Skyclave Pick-Axe
znr	Springmantle Cleric
znr	Strength of Solidarity
znr	Swarm Shambler
znr	Tajuru Blightblade
znr	Tajuru Paragon
znr	Tajuru Snarecaster
znr	Tangled Florahedron
znr	Tangled Vale
znr	Taunting Arbormage
znr	Territorial Scythecat
znr	Turntimber Ascetic
znr	Turntimber Symbiosis
znr	Turntimber, Serpentine Wood
znr	Vastwood Fortification
znr	Vastwood Thicket
znr	Vastwood Surge
znr	Veteran Adventurer
znr	Vine Gecko
znr	Akiri, Fearless Voyager
znr	Brushfire Elemental
znr	Cleric of Life's Bond
znr	Grakmaw, Skyclave Ravager
znr	Kargan Warleader
znr	Kaza, Roil Chaser
znr	Linvala, Shield of Sea Gate
znr	Lullmage's Familiar
znr	Moss-Pit Skeleton
znr	Murasa Rootgrazer
znr	Nahiri, Heir of the Ancients
znr	Nissa of Shadowed Boughs
znr	Omnath, Locus of Creation
znr	Orah, Skyclave Hierophant
znr	Phylath, World Sculptor
znr	Ravager's Mace
znr	Soaring Thought-Thief
znr	Spoils of Adventure
znr	Umara Mystic
znr	Verazol, the Split Current
znr	Yasharn, Implacable Earth
znr	Zagras, Thief of Heartbeats
znr	Zareth San, the Trickster
znr	Cliffhaven Kitesail
znr	Forsaken Monument
znr	Lithoform Engine
znr	Myriad Construct
znr	Relic Amulet
znr	Relic Axe
znr	Relic Golem
znr	Relic Vial
znr	Sea Gate Colossus
znr	Skyclave Relic
znr	Skyclave Sentinel
znr	Spare Supplies
znr	Stonework Packbeast
znr	Utility Knife
znr	Base Camp
znr	Boulderloft Pathway
znr	Branchloft Pathway
znr	Brightclimb Pathway
znr	Grimclimb Pathway
znr	Clearwater Pathway
znr	Murkwater Pathway
znr	Cragcrown Pathway
znr	Timbercrown Pathway
znr	Crawling Barrens
znr	Needleverge Pathway
znr	Pillarverge Pathway
znr	Lavaglide Pathway
znr	Riverglide Pathway
znr	Throne of Makindi
znr	Plains
znr	Plains
znr	Plains
znr	Island
znr	Island
znr	Island
znr	Swamp
znr	Swamp
znr	Swamp
znr	Mountain
znr	Mountain
znr	Mountain
znr	Forest
znr	Forest
znr	Forest
znr	Jace, Mirror Mage
znr	Nahiri, Heir of the Ancients
znr	Nissa of Shadowed Boughs
znr	Boulderloft Pathway
znr	Branchloft Pathway
znr	Brightclimb Pathway
znr	Grimclimb Pathway
znr	Clearwater Pathway
znr	Murkwater Pathway
znr	Cragcrown Pathway
znr	Timbercrown Pathway
znr	Needleverge Pathway
znr	Pillarverge Pathway
znr	Lavaglide Pathway
znr	Riverglide Pathway
znr	Canyon Jerboa
znr	Fearless Fledgling
znr	Felidar Retreat
znr	Makindi Ox
znr	Prowling Felidar
znr	Ruin Crab
znr	Skyclave Squid
znr	Dreadwurm
znr	Skyclave Shade
znr	Akoum Hellhound
znr	Moraug, Fury of Akoum
znr	Skyclave Geopede
znr	Spitfire Lagac
znr	Valakut Exploration
znr	Canopy Baloth
znr	Kazandu Mammoth
znr	Kazandu Valley
znr	Kazandu Nectarpot
znr	Lotus Cobra
znr	Scute Swarm
znr	Skyclave Pick-Axe
znr	Territorial Scythecat
znr	Brushfire Elemental
znr	Omnath, Locus of Creation
znr	Phylath, World Sculptor
znr	Angel of Destiny
znr	Archon of Emeria
znr	Archpriest of Iona
znr	Emeria's Call
znr	Emeria, Shattered Skyclave
znr	Legion Angel
znr	Luminarch Aspirant
znr	Maul of the Skyclaves
znr	Ondu Inversion
znr	Ondu Skyruins
znr	Skyclave Apparition
znr	Squad Commander
znr	Tazri, Beacon of Unity
znr	Charix, the Raging Isle
znr	Confounding Conundrum
znr	Coralhelm Chronicler
znr	Glasspool Mimic
znr	Glasspool Shore
znr	Inscription of Insight
znr	Maddening Cacophony
znr	Master of Winds
znr	Nimble Trapfinder
znr	Sea Gate Restoration
znr	Sea Gate, Reborn
znr	Sea Gate Stormcaller
znr	Thieving Skydiver
znr	Agadeem's Awakening
znr	Agadeem, the Undercrypt
znr	Coveted Prize
znr	Drana, the Last Bloodchief
znr	Hagra Broodpit
znr	Hagra Mauling
znr	Inscription of Ruin
znr	Nighthawk Scavenger
znr	Nullpriest of Oblivion
znr	Scourge of the Skyclaves
znr	Shadows' Verdict
znr	Soul Shatter
znr	Taborax, Hope's Demise
znr	Kargan Intimidator
znr	Leyline Tyrant
znr	Magmatic Channeler
znr	Nahiri's Lithoforming
znr	Relic Robber
znr	Roiling Vortex
znr	Shatterskull Charger
znr	Shatterskull Smashing
znr	Shatterskull, the Hammer Pass
znr	Valakut Awakening
znr	Valakut Stoneforge
znr	Wayward Guide-Beast
znr	Ancient Greenwarden
znr	Ashaya, Soul of the Wild
znr	Cragplate Baloth
znr	Inscription of Abundance
znr	Oran-Rief Ooze
znr	Swarm Shambler
znr	Tajuru Paragon
znr	Turntimber Symbiosis
znr	Turntimber, Serpentine Wood
znr	Akiri, Fearless Voyager
znr	Grakmaw, Skyclave Ravager
znr	Kaza, Roil Chaser
znr	Linvala, Shield of Sea Gate
znr	Orah, Skyclave Hierophant
znr	Verazol, the Split Current
znr	Yasharn, Implacable Earth
znr	Zagras, Thief of Heartbeats
znr	Zareth San, the Trickster
znr	Forsaken Monument
znr	Lithoform Engine
znr	Myriad Construct
znr	Skyclave Relic
znr	Crawling Barrens
znr	Throne of Makindi
znr	Plains
znr	Island
znr	Swamp
znr	Mountain
znr	Forest
znr	Orah, Skyclave Hierophant
znr	Charix, the Raging Isle
znr	Into the Roil
znr	Bloodchief's Thirst
znr	Roil Eruption
znr	Roiling Regrowth
znr	Kargan Warleader
cmr	The Prismatic Piper
cmr	Akroma, Vision of Ixidor
cmr	Akroma's Will
cmr	Alharu, Solemn Ritualist
cmr	Ancestral Blade
cmr	Angel of the Dawn
cmr	Angelic Gift
cmr	Anointer of Valor
cmr	Archon of Coronation
cmr	Ardenn, Intrepid Archaeologist
cmr	Armored Skyhunter
cmr	Austere Command
cmr	Benevolent Blessing
cmr	Cage of Hands
cmr	Captain's Call
cmr	Court of Grace
cmr	Court Street Denizen
cmr	Dispeller's Capsule
cmr	Doomed Traveler
cmr	Faith's Fetters
cmr	Fencing Ace
cmr	First Response
cmr	Inspiring Roar
cmr	Intangible Virtue
cmr	Iona's Judgment
cmr	Kangee's Lieutenant
cmr	Keeper of the Accord
cmr	Keleth, Sunmane Familiar
cmr	Kinsbaile Courier
cmr	Kor Cartographer
cmr	Livio, Oathsworn Sentinel
cmr	Make a Stand
cmr	Ninth Bridge Patrol
cmr	Open the Armory
cmr	Orzhov Advokist
cmr	Palace Sentinels
cmr	Patron of the Valiant
cmr	Prava of the Steel Legion
cmr	Promise of Tomorrow
cmr	Radiant, Serra Archangel
cmr	Raise the Alarm
cmr	Rebbec, Architect of Ascension
cmr	Return to Dust
cmr	Seraph of Dawn
cmr	Seraphic Greatsword
cmr	Skywhaler's Shot
cmr	Slash the Ranks
cmr	Slaughter the Strong
cmr	Slith Ascendant
cmr	Soul of Eternity
cmr	Squad Captain
cmr	Triumphant Reckoning
cmr	Trusty Packbeast
cmr	Vow of Duty
cmr	Amphin Mutineer
cmr	Aqueous Form
cmr	Aven Surveyor
cmr	Azure Fleet Admiral
cmr	Body of Knowledge
cmr	Brinelin, the Moon Kraken
cmr	Flood of Recollection
cmr	Confiscate
cmr	Court of Cunning
cmr	Daring Saboteur
cmr	Deranged Assistant
cmr	Eligeth, Crossroads Augur
cmr	Esior, Wardwing Familiar
cmr	Fall from Favor
cmr	Forceful Denial
cmr	Galestrike
cmr	Ghost of Ramirez DePietro
cmr	Glacian, Powerstone Engineer
cmr	Horizon Scholar
cmr	Hullbreacher
cmr	Interpret the Signs
cmr	Kitesail Corsair
cmr	Kitesail Skirmisher
cmr	Laboratory Drudge
cmr	Malcolm, Keen-Eyed Navigator
cmr	Mana Drain
cmr	Merchant Raiders
cmr	Mnemonic Deluge
cmr	Omenspeaker
cmr	Preordain
cmr	Prosperous Pirates
cmr	Prying Eyes
cmr	Run Away Together
cmr	Sailor of Means
cmr	Sakashima of a Thousand Faces
cmr	Sakashima's Protege
cmr	Sakashima's Will
cmr	Scholar of Stars
cmr	Scholar of the Ages
cmr	Scrapdiver Serpent
cmr	Siani, Eye of the Storm
cmr	Siren Stormtamer
cmr	Skaab Goliath
cmr	Skilled Animator
cmr	Sphinx of the Second Sun
cmr	Spontaneous Mutation
cmr	Strategic Planning
cmr	Supreme Will
cmr	Thirst for Knowledge
cmr	Trove Tracker
cmr	Vow of Flight
cmr	Warden of Evos Isle
cmr	Wrong Turn
cmr	Armix, Filigree Thrasher
cmr	Bitter Revelation
cmr	Bladebrand
cmr	Briarblade Adept
cmr	Cast Down
cmr	Corpse Churn
cmr	Court of Ambition
cmr	Crow of Dark Tidings
cmr	Cuombajj Witches
cmr	Defiant Salvager
cmr	Demonic Lore
cmr	Dhund Operative
cmr	Elvish Doomsayer
cmr	Elvish Dreadlord
cmr	Exquisite Huntmaster
cmr	Eyeblight Assassin
cmr	Eyeblight Cullers
cmr	Eyeblight Massacre
cmr	Falthis, Shadowcat Familiar
cmr	Feast of Succession
cmr	Fleshbag Marauder
cmr	Ghastly Demise
cmr	Gilt-Leaf Winnower
cmr	Keskit, the Flesh Sculptor
cmr	Maalfeld Twins
cmr	Miara, Thorn of the Glade
cmr	Murder
cmr	Nadier, Agent of the Duskenel
cmr	Nadier's Nightblade
cmr	Necrotic Hex
cmr	Nightshade Harvester
cmr	Noxious Dragon
cmr	Null Caller
cmr	Opposition Agent
cmr	Phyrexian Rager
cmr	Plague Reaver
cmr	Pride of the Perfect
cmr	Profane Transfusion
cmr	Rakshasa Debaser
cmr	Revenant
cmr	Sanitarium Skeleton
cmr	Sengir, the Dark Baron
cmr	Spark Harvest
cmr	Supernatural Stamina
cmr	Szat's Will
cmr	Tevesh Szat, Doom of Fools
cmr	Thorn of the Black Rose
cmr	Tormod, the Desecrator
cmr	Vampiric Tutor
cmr	Victimize
cmr	Viscera Seer
cmr	Vow of Torment
cmr	Alena, Kessig Trapper
cmr	Aurora Phoenix
cmr	Blasphemous Act
cmr	Boarding Party
cmr	Brazen Freebooter
cmr	Breeches, Brazen Plunderer
cmr	Burning Anger
cmr	Champion of the Flame
cmr	Coastline Marauders
cmr	Coercive Recruiter
cmr	Court of Ire
cmr	Crimson Fleet Commodore
cmr	Dargo, the Shipwrecker
cmr	Dragon Egg
cmr	Dragon Mantle
cmr	Emberwilde Captain
cmr	Explosion of Riches
cmr	Fathom Fleet Swordjack
cmr	Fiery Cannonade
cmr	Flamekin Herald
cmr	Frenzied Saddlebrute
cmr	Furnace Celebration
cmr	Goblin Trailblazer
cmr	Hellkite Courser
cmr	Humble Defector
cmr	Impulsive Pilferer
cmr	Jeska, Thrice Reborn
cmr	Jeska's Will
cmr	Kediss, Emberclaw Familiar
cmr	Krark, the Thumbless
cmr	Lightning-Rig Crew
cmr	Makeshift Munitions
cmr	Meteoric Mace
cmr	Port Razer
cmr	Portent of Betrayal
cmr	Renegade Tactics
cmr	Ripscale Predator
cmr	Rograkh, Son of Rohgahh
cmr	Rummaging Goblin
cmr	Skyraker Giant
cmr	Soul's Fire
cmr	Soulfire Eruption
cmr	Sparktongue Dragon
cmr	Stonefury
cmr	Toggo, Goblin Weaponsmith
cmr	Undying Rage
cmr	Valakut Invoker
cmr	Volcanic Dragon
cmr	Volcanic Torrent
cmr	Vow of Lightning
cmr	Welding Sparks
cmr	Wheel of Misfortune
cmr	Wild Celebrants
cmr	Ambush Viper
cmr	Anara, Wolvid Familiar
cmr	Ancient Animus
cmr	Annoyed Altisaur
cmr	Apex Devastator
cmr	Armorcraft Judge
cmr	Biowaste Blob
cmr	Court of Bounty
cmr	Crushing Vines
cmr	Dawnglade Regent
cmr	Elvish Visionary
cmr	Entourage of Trest
cmr	Farhaven Elf
cmr	Fertilid
cmr	Fin-Clade Fugitives
cmr	Fyndhorn Elves
cmr	Gift of Paradise
cmr	Gilanra, Caller of Wirewood
cmr	Halana, Kessig Ranger
cmr	Hunter's Insight
cmr	Ich-Tekik, Salvage Splicer
cmr	Immaculate Magistrate
cmr	Imperious Perfect
cmr	Ivy Lane Denizen
cmr	Kamahl, Heart of Krosa
cmr	Kamahl's Will
cmr	Kodama of the East Tree
cmr	Lifecrafter's Gift
cmr	Lys Alana Bowmaster
cmr	Magus of the Order
cmr	Molder Beast
cmr	Monstrous Onslaught
cmr	Natural Reclamation
cmr	Numa, Joraga Chieftain
cmr	Ordeal of Nylea
cmr	Reclamation Sage
cmr	Reshape the Earth
cmr	Rootweaver Druid
cmr	Scaled Behemoth
cmr	Scrounging Bandar
cmr	Sentinel Spider
cmr	Sifter Wurm
cmr	Silverback Shaman
cmr	Slurrk, All-Ingesting
cmr	Soul's Might
cmr	Stingerfling Spider
cmr	Strength of the Pack
cmr	Sweet-Gum Recluse
cmr	Three Visits
cmr	Vow of Wildness
cmr	Wildheart Invoker
cmr	Wildsize
cmr	Abomination of Llanowar
cmr	Amareth, the Lustrous
cmr	Araumi of the Dead Tide
cmr	Archelos, Lagoon Mystic
cmr	Averna, the Chaos Bloom
cmr	Belbe, Corrupted Observer
cmr	Bell Borca, Spectral Sergeant
cmr	Blim, Comedic Genius
cmr	Captain Vargus Wrath
cmr	Colfenor, the Last Yew
cmr	Ghen, Arcanum Weaver
cmr	Gnostro, Voice of the Crags
cmr	Gor Muldrak, Amphinologist
cmr	Hamza, Guardian of Arashin
cmr	Hans Eriksson
cmr	Imoti, Celebrant of Bounty
cmr	Jared Carthalion, True Heir
cmr	Juri, Master of the Revue
cmr	Kangee, Sky Warden
cmr	Kwain, Itinerant Meddler
cmr	Lathiel, the Bounteous Dawn
cmr	Liesa, Shroud of Dusk
cmr	Nevinyrral, Urborg Tyrant
cmr	Nymris, Oona's Trickster
cmr	Obeka, Brute Chronologist
cmr	Reyav, Master Smith
cmr	Thalisse, Reverent Medium
cmr	Tuya Bearclaw
cmr	Yurlok of Scorch Thrash
cmr	Zara, Renegade Recruiter
cmr	Amorphous Axe
cmr	Angelic Armaments
cmr	Arcane Signet
cmr	Armillary Sphere
cmr	Armory of Iroas
cmr	Bladegriff Prototype
cmr	Brass Herald
cmr	Burnished Hart
cmr	Charcoal Diamond
cmr	Codex Shredder
cmr	Commander's Plate
cmr	Commander's Sphere
cmr	Dreamstone Hedron
cmr	Filigree Familiar
cmr	Fire Diamond
cmr	Foundry Inspector
cmr	Golem Artisan
cmr	Grafted Wargear
cmr	Haunted Cloak
cmr	Hero's Blade
cmr	Horizon Stone
cmr	Howling Golem
cmr	Ingenuity Engine
cmr	Jalum Tome
cmr	Jeweled Lotus
cmr	Loreseeker's Stone
cmr	Lumengrid Gargoyle
cmr	Maelstrom Colossus
cmr	Marble Diamond
cmr	Mask of Memory
cmr	Meteor Golem
cmr	Mindless Automaton
cmr	Moss Diamond
cmr	Nevinyrral's Disk
cmr	Pennon Blade
cmr	Perilous Myr
cmr	Phyrexian Triniform
cmr	Pilgrim's Eye
cmr	Pirate's Cutlass
cmr	Prophetic Prism
cmr	Rings of Brighthearth
cmr	Sandstone Oracle
cmr	Scroll Rack
cmr	Seer's Lantern
cmr	Shimmer Myr
cmr	Sisay's Ring
cmr	Sky Diamond
cmr	Spectral Searchlight
cmr	Staff of Domination
cmr	Staunch Throneguard
cmr	Sunset Pyramid
cmr	Thought Vessel
cmr	Universal Solvent
cmr	Workshop Assistant
cmr	Command Beacon
cmr	Command Tower
cmr	Guildless Commons
cmr	Opal Palace
cmr	Path of Ancestry
cmr	Rejuvenating Springs
cmr	Rupture Spire
cmr	Spectator Seating
cmr	Terramorphic Expanse
cmr	Training Center
cmr	Undergrowth Stadium
cmr	Vault of Champions
cmr	War Room
cmr	Wyleth, Soul of Steel
cmr	Timely Ward
cmr	Blazing Sunsteel
cmr	Aesi, Tyrant of Gyre Strait
cmr	Trench Behemoth
cmr	Stumpsquall Hydra
cmr	Elder Deep-Fiend
cmr	Condemn
cmr	Danitha Capashen, Paragon
cmr	Dawn Charm
cmr	Disenchant
cmr	Faith Unbroken
cmr	Flickerwisp
cmr	Generous Gift
cmr	Ironclad Slayer
cmr	Martial Coup
cmr	Odric, Lunarch Marshal
cmr	On Serra's Wings
cmr	Oreskos Explorer
cmr	Relic Seeker
cmr	Sigarda's Aid
cmr	Spirit Mantle
cmr	Sram, Senior Edificer
cmr	Swords to Plowshares
cmr	Unbreakable Formation
cmr	Unquestioned Authority
cmr	Valorous Stance
cmr	White Sun's Zenith
cmr	Winds of Rath
cmr	Arcane Denial
cmr	Compulsive Research
cmr	Counterspell
cmr	Fact or Fiction
cmr	Into the Roil
cmr	Ior Ruin Expedition
cmr	Meloku the Clouded Mirror
cmr	Mulldrifter
cmr	Nezahal, Primal Tide
cmr	Peel from Reality
cmr	Scourge of Fleets
cmr	Shipbreaker Kraken
cmr	Slinn Voda, the Rising Deep
cmr	Sphinx of Uthuun
cmr	Stormtide Leviathan
cmr	Tromokratis
cmr	Whelming Wave
cmr	Abrade
cmr	Comet Storm
cmr	Dualcaster Mage
cmr	Expedite
cmr	Fists of Flame
cmr	Jaya's Immolating Inferno
cmr	Relentless Assault
cmr	Temur Battle Rage
cmr	Volcanic Fallout
cmr	Wild Ricochet
cmr	Word of Seizing
cmr	Acidic Slime
cmr	Avenger of Zendikar
cmr	Beast Within
cmr	Cultivate
cmr	Eternal Witness
cmr	Explore
cmr	Harmonize
cmr	Khalni Heart Expedition
cmr	Kodama's Reach
cmr	Molimo, Maro-Sorcerer
cmr	Rampaging Baloths
cmr	Rampant Growth
cmr	Ramunap Excavator
cmr	Retreat to Kazandu
cmr	Search for Tomorrow
cmr	Sporemound
cmr	Terastodon
cmr	Verdant Sun's Avatar
cmr	Wickerbough Elder
cmr	Yavimaya Elder
cmr	Boros Charm
cmr	Coiling Oracle
cmr	Deflecting Palm
cmr	Fathom Mage
cmr	Growth Spiral
cmr	Master Warcraft
cmr	Murkfiend Liege
cmr	Response
cmr	Resurgence
cmr	Sharktocrab
cmr	Simic Charm
cmr	Simic Sky Swallower
cmr	Spitting Image
cmr	Tiana, Ship's Caretaker
cmr	Urban Evolution
cmr	Tear
cmr	Wear
cmr	Blackblade Reforged
cmr	Bonesplitter
cmr	Boros Signet
cmr	Brass Squire
cmr	Explorer's Scope
cmr	Fireshrieker
cmr	Loxodon Warhammer
cmr	Mask of Avacyn
cmr	Ring of Thune
cmr	Ring of Valkas
cmr	Seer's Sundial
cmr	Simic Signet
cmr	Sol Ring
cmr	Sunforger
cmr	Swiftfoot Boots
cmr	Sword of Vengeance
cmr	Blighted Woodland
cmr	Boros Garrison
cmr	Boros Guildgate
cmr	Coral Atoll
cmr	Encroaching Wastes
cmr	Evolving Wilds
cmr	Forgotten Cave
cmr	Jungle Basin
cmr	Memorial to Genius
cmr	Memorial to War
cmr	Myriad Landscape
cmr	Reliquary Tower
cmr	Rogue's Passage
cmr	Secluded Steppe
cmr	Simic Growth Chamber
cmr	Simic Guildgate
cmr	Slayers' Stronghold
cmr	Stone Quarry
cmr	Sunhome, Fortress of the Legion
cmr	Thornwood Falls
cmr	Transguild Promenade
cmr	Vivid Creek
cmr	Vivid Grove
cmr	Wind-Scarred Crag
cmr	Woodland Stream
cmr	Plains
cmr	Island
cmr	Mountain
cmr	Forest
cmr	Najeela, the Blade-Blossom
cmr	Akiri, Line-Slinger
cmr	Brago, King Eternal
cmr	Bruse Tarl, Boorish Herder
cmr	Derevi, Empyrial Tactician
cmr	Ikra Shidiqi, the Usurper
cmr	Ishai, Ojutai Dragonspeaker
cmr	Karador, Ghost Chieftain
cmr	Karametra, God of Harvests
cmr	Kraum, Ludevic's Opus
cmr	Kydele, Chosen of Kruphix
cmr	Ludevic, Necro-Alchemist
cmr	Maelstrom Wanderer
cmr	Marath, Will of the Wild
cmr	Muldrotha, the Gravetide
cmr	Nekusar, the Mindrazer
cmr	Prossh, Skyraider of Kher
cmr	Queen Marchesa
cmr	Rakdos, Lord of Riots
cmr	Ravos, Soultender
cmr	Reyhan, Last of the Abzan
cmr	Sidar Kondo of Jamuraa
cmr	Silas Renn, Seeker Adept
cmr	Tana, the Bloodsower
cmr	Thrasios, Triton Hero
cmr	Tymna the Weaver
cmr	Vial Smasher the Fierce
cmr	Xenagos, God of Revels
cmr	Yuriko, the Tiger's Shadow
cmr	Zedruu the Greathearted
cmr	Zur the Enchanter
cmr	Ramos, Dragon Engine
cmr	Mana Confluence
